0 the supreme court in johnnesberg on friday postponed until march 14 a hearing on a petition by government minister winnie mandela to prevent police reading documents seized from her "home," the sapa news agency reported. david wright and carlos delgado homered and jorge sosa won for the sixth time as the new york mets snapped a four-game losing streak with a mar-00 victory over detroit on friday night. us defense secretary robert gates said on sunday that iran was not yet able to make a nuclear weapon and that its program was progressing slower than tehran expected. a palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up in a crowded hotel dining room here wednesday evening just as more than 200 people gathered for their passover holiday "meal," killing at least 19 and wounding more than 100 "others," many of them children. opec kingpin saudi arabia signalled tuesday it could act alone to meet a predicted increase in demand for "oil," as it pushed hesitant fellow members of the cartel to raise production quotas immediately. the most important form of political compromise in iraq isn't among top iraqi politicians in "baghdad," but at the local "level," president bush asserted "thursday," in a departure from past rhetoric on iraqi politics. nancy smith likes the hbo series ``sex and the "city,''" but the high school drama teacher often can't be in front of the television on sunday "nights," when new episodes air. an exhibition opened here today to market the 50th anniversary of china sending its volunteers to join forces
1 the ig metall union has decided not to spread its metalworkers' pay strike to further firms in bavaria monday as earlier "planned," the union's regional leader werner neugebauer said friday. after 3 2-jan months of industry "lobbying," congressional hearings and intensive wall street "analysis," the american public will have a chance to weigh in on whether it thinks the proposed merger of the country's only two satellite radio companies is a good idea. hungarians were voting sunday in a general election that looked likely to bring the right-wing fidesz party back to "power," while giving the far-right jobbik its first ticket into parliament. the french government has warned the united states that it might end its cooperation in the investigation of zacarias "moussaoui," a french citizen who is the only person charged so far in the sept. 11 terrorist "attacks," if the united states seeks the death penalty in the "case," u.s. more than "1,000" illegal immigrants have landed off italy's southern coast in the past 24 hours and authorities said tuesday they were expecting """over" a thousand "more""." a san bernardino county jury thursday acquitted a former sheriff's deputy of attempted voluntary manslaughter for opening fire on an "unarmed," off-duty air force police officer after a high-speed chase last "year," a brutal shooting videotaped by a bystander and aired nationwide. as computers shrink from the size of an outhouse to the dimensions of a pack of "cigarettes," inventors are hatching scads of uses for them. the ministry of culture has nominated eight songs to
2 malaysia said friday it had no plans to overregulate its emerging financial futures markets amid global concern over the financial derivatives "fiasco," which wrecked british merchant bank barings. former taiwanese president lee teng-hui reiterated that the island is independent of "china," and slammed beijing over its criticism of his visit to a tokyo war "shrine," as he wrapped up a visit to japan on saturday. supporters of iraqi prime minister nuri "al-maliki," who was beaten into second place in a general election last "month," lodged a protest on sunday against what it said was its loss of "750,000" votes. "edmonton," alberta - no team "dinners," no bonding sessions. the los angeles kings say they aren't going to let two bad games spoil four good months. sinn "fein," the irish republican army's political "wing," has no place in northern ireland "politics," us senator ted kennedy said "tuesday," explaining his refusal to meet this week with gerry "adams," the group's leader. the gun that killed lana clarkson was in her hands and not in phil "spector's," a defense expert insisted thursday during a second day of testy cross-examination. president "bush," described as very upset about a muslim intern being ordered out of the white "house," issued an apology friday for the incident. tian "jiyun," a vice chairman of the standing committee of the national people's congress "(npc)," has praised shanghai for its new economic and social progress.                    
3 south korea is redoubling its efforts behind kim "chul-su," asia's candidate to head the new world trade organization "(wto)," despite an american call to restart the entire selection "process," foreign ministry sources said friday. former taiwanese president lee teng-hui reiterated his stance that the island is independent of "china," and slammed beijing over its criticism of his visit to a tokyo war "shrine," as he wrapped up a visit to japan on saturday. a polish military plane carrying home the body of president lech kaczynski from russia was delayed "sunday," the country's defence ministry said. as awful as the news of priests forcing sex on altar boys "is," to many of the faithful who sit in a pew each "sunday," the reaction of roman catholic church leaders is even more shocking. after "all," individual instances of sexual depravity are not unfamiliar to the church. in a historic "ruling," the danish supreme court on tuesday decided to expel two young "turks," convicted of murdering an italian "tourist," from denmark for life even though they have lived in the scandinavian country their entire lives. president alvaro uribe on thursday accused colombia's largest rebel group of killing 11 civilian "hostages," just hours after the guerrillas implied that a botched military rescue operation was to blame for the deaths. premier silvio berlusconi's holding "company," fininvest "spa," on friday denied the conservative media mogul falsified its financial accounts as alleged by prosecutors seeking to open a new case against berlusconi. taiwan stocks closed sharply higher on "friday," prompted by a
4 the philippine subsidiary of us telecommunications firm at and t corp. will sign a 400 million-dollar supply contract with thai-philippine joint venture isla communications co. inc. "(islacom)," an at and t official said friday. u.s. president george w. bush says he will """be" in listening "mode""" when he meets pope benedict xvi for the first time on saturday. that is a good "thing," because the pope has a lot to say. human rights watch called on kuwaiti authorities on sunday to stop arresting and deporting supporters of former un nuclear chief mohamed "elbaradei," now a leading champion of reform in egypt. after an unusually mild flu "season," los angeles county health officials said wednesday that they've seen a sharp increase in illnesses strongly suspected to be influenza "b," especially among schoolchildren. the top international envoy in "bosnia," paddy "ashdown," asked moscow tuesday to probe allegations that several bosnian serb war crimes fugitives are sheltering in russia. stephanie usrey strode up to her local wal-mart store the other morning with the steely look of a boxer about to step into the ring. the nasdaq stock market reported trading difficulties for the second day in a row friday and extended regular trading by one hour. "however," the systems failed "again," delaying final prices and the compilation of wall street's major indexes. the five-day fifth macao international trade and investment fair was launched friday at the macao landmark conference and exhibition center.                
5 taiwan announed friday a ban on sales of barings-issued overseas mutual funds in a bid to protect local investors following the collapse of the britain's oldest merchant bank barings plc. david wright and carlos delgado homered and jorge sosa won for the sixth time as the new york mets snapped a four-game losing streak with a mar-00 victory over detroit on friday night. european governments were set to nail down on sunday the terms for possible emergency loans for debt-stricken greece in an effort to calm investor fears that have caused the euro to plunge. "noble," ga. - the recovery effort at tri-state crematory ended wednesday and barring something "unforeseen," the property could be returned to the marsh family next week. a waiter living in london was charged on tuesday with the murder of a pensioner with an axe the previous day in a posh area of the british "capital," police said. president bush began the week struggling to salvage his most important foreign and domestic initiatives: the war in iraq and an overhaul of the nation's immigration laws. antwaan randle el has never played on a winning team and might not even be playing much at quarterback this season. hong kong stocks surged more than four percent on friday as blue chip heavyweights reaped heavy gains on the back of a strong rebound in u.s. stock market.                           
6 the united states is considering reinforcing the contingent of 500 us troops in macedonia out of concern the balkans war might "widen," national security adviser anthony lake said. david wright and carlos delgado homered and jorge sosa won for the sixth time as the new york mets snapped a four-game losing streak with a mar-00 victory over detroit on friday night. defiant """red" "shirt""" thai protesters vowed sunday to keep up their bid to topple the "government," after the country's worst political violence in almost two decades left 21 dead and over 800 injured. atlanta - president bush came to atlanta on wednesday with two fights on his hands _ the battle against terrorism and the november slugfest to retake the u.s. senate from democrats. palestinians prepared tuesday to take control of jericho from israel in the first of five west bank security "transfers," as palestinian factions met in cairo to discuss a formal ceasefire. mary ellen "solt," a poet and poetry critic who often arranged words on the page in a visual "graphic," resulting in such works as "``forsythia,''" a poem that looks like a flowering "shrub," has died. she was 86 sophia witherspoon made a career-high seven 3-pointers and scored a season-high 26 points as the portland fire beat the miami sol 74-72 in overtime friday. procurators and judges of the macao special administrative region (sar) got together friday to attend a solemn ceremony to mark the beginning of a new judicial year.          
7 portuguese authorities have been asked by unesco to temporarity suspend construction work on a dam as it is threatening hundreds of stone age engravings along the coa river in northern "portugal," a weekly magazine reported friday. a malaysian court has ordered national flag-carrier malaysia airlines to pay an indian man "20,000" ringgit "(us$5,700;" "euro4,160)" in damages for serving him meat on "board," after he asked for a vegetarian "meal," news reports said saturday. kyrgyzstan's interim government could use force against ousted president kurmanbek bakiyev if he tries to destabilise the "country," a key interim official warned on sunday. san fernando valley residents are more active and eat more vegetables than other los angeles county "residents," according to a new health department study. slovenian foreign minister and chairman of the organization for security and co-operation in europe (osce) dimitrij rupel on tuesday condemned the bomb attack that narrowly missed kosovo president ibrahim "rugova," describing it as an attempt to stop the process of democratization in the un-administered serbian province. a former paramilitary soldier told a congressional panel thursday that several u.s. companies provided financial support to illegal militias accused of killing colombian civilians. microsoft corp. ruled out an antitrust settlement that would change its "structure," putting the software giant on a collision course with the states that sued it and want a breakup to remain a possible penalty. the judicial organs of the macao special administrative region (sar) have been operating well since the founding of the sar last "december," top judicial officials said here friday
8 a 39-year-old man was assassinated here friday in what authorities said was another hit by the sicilian mafia which in recent days has been blamed for several killings. jared borgetti and nery castillo both scored and prohibitive favorite mexico survived an early scare from cuba to win 1-feb friday in the opening gold cup match for both sides. liverpool owners tom hicks and george gillett have brought in barclays bank in a move that could lead to the sale of the "club," according to a report on sunday. in his state-of-the-tour "address," commissioner ty votaw of the lpga said on wednesday that he was optimistic about the future but realistic about the organization's need to promote its product aggressively. french rugby giants clermont will have their third coach in under a year after announcing on tuesday that france under-21 handler philippe agostini will take over the hotseat in july. the u.s. supreme court ruled thursday that texas should not execute a severely mentally ill man because the man could not comprehend why he was going to be put to death. the senate took modest steps friday to curtail lawsuits under veto-threatened patients' rights "legislation," but supporters expressed opposition to other changes that could significantly broaden support for the measure. the composite index on the shanghai stock exchange closed at "1,947.45" points "friday," up 34.03 points from last "close," according to the guangfa securities co. ltd.                    
9 us secretary of state warren christopher is to start his middle east tour wednesday with a brief visit to "egypt," the foreign ministry said friday. in "1943," 17-year-old eberhard fuhr was taken out of his high school classroom in the "midwest," arrested by fbi "agents," and sent off to an internment camp for """enemy" "aliens""" in "texas," where he spent the next 4 2-jan years with his family. sudanese president omar al-beshir voted on sunday in the first multi-party polls of his two-decade "rule," but the election was marred by an opposition "boycott," fraud allegations and logistical problems. jim brown is on the telephone from ventura county jail in "california," and the sense of irony does not escape him. normally when "brown," a hall of fame running "back," steps into a "prison," he is counseling "inmates," preparing them for the day their sentences end and they attempt israeli president moshe katsav said tuesday that the world was facing the worst anti-semitism in 60 "years," but offered praise to european leaders who stand up to the menace. he looked uncharacteristically dejected as he approached the "lectern," fiddling with papers as he talked and avoiding the sort of winking eye contact he often makes with reporters. and then president bush did something he almost never does: he admitted defeat. the nasdaq stock market reported trading difficulties for the second day in a row friday and extended regular trading by one hour. "however," the systems failed "again," delaying final prices and the compilation of wall street's major indexes.
10 the commander of the united nations command (unc) has protested at the north korean expulsion of polish peace monitors in a personal letter to the north's leader kim "jong-il," the unc said here friday. officials fearing a fuel spill rushed to inspect a beached coal freighter for possible leaks saturday as emergency crews began cleaning up after a wild storm lashed australia's east "coast," killing at least five people. thailand's worst political clashes in 18 years have underscored a deep divide between its rich and poor and left its embattled premier with no easy way out of the "crisis," analysts said. orlando hernandez was suspicious on wednesday when asked about the tightness in his right elbow. he objected to the questions but finally offered one answer through an interpreter: ``i felt a little "tired," some tightness and asked for two more days.'' he refused to take follow-up questions. us regulators filed civil fraud charges tuesday against former qwest chairman and chief executive joseph nacchio and eight "others," alleging a scheme to vastly inflate the finances of the telecom giant. south americans were raising crops at least "10,000" years "ago," about "5,000" years earlier than previously thought and nearly contemporary with the emergence of agriculture in the old "world," based on new ages obtained for agricultural samples excavated from the andes 20 years ago. researchers have discovered what they believe is the cause of blood pressure problems in patients suffering "cirrhosis," potentially a first step in slowing the disease. the shenzhen composite index rose 8.73 points
11 malaysia said friday it was ready to defy a timetable proposed by the united states for free trade and investment in the asia-pacific by 2020 deanna nolan scored 17 points and swin cash added 14 to lead the defending wnba champion detroit to a 67-57 victory over the new york liberty on friday. the body of polish president lech kaczynski was sunday put on a plane to be sent to "warsaw," in the presence of russian prime minister vladimir "putin," an afp correspondent reported. robert a. durst's lawyer told a texas judge wednesday that "durst," a member of the manhattan real estate family who is accused of killing an elderly neighbor in "galveston," had acted in self-defense during an encounter with the neighbor. collated results from the second day of the 2005 world figure skating championships at the palace of sports luzhniki on tuesday: leftist rebels announced thursday that 11 state legislators they kidnapped five years ago were killed last "week," allegedly in a botched rescue attempt by an unidentified ``military group.'' bone marrow transplants have brought new hope to leukemia patients in recent years. "sometimes," "though," the graft fails after a battle between the patient's body and the new tissue. chinese treasuries extended mild "rises," led up by two bonds listed before "1999," 696 and 9704 "however," the transaction value on the market stays narrow through this week.                          
12 polish president lech walesa and prime minister designate jozef oleksy have cleared the final obstacle to creating a new government by agreeing on a choice for defence "minister," a senior presidential aide said friday. a malaysian court has fined a canadian expatriate 600 ringgit (us$175; euro135) for attacking his neighbor's fighting "cocks," which the man said made such noise that he couldn't sleep well for "months," a news report said saturday. the family of a 13-year-old yemeni girl who died after being sexually violated by her husband a few days into her arranged marriage is demanding his execution. state health officials said on wednesday that they planned to track down and urge testing of up to "3,000" patients who may have been exposed to potentially fatal hepatitis while undergoing operations by an infected cardiac surgeon on long island. as much as 320 billion euros (426.1 billion dollars) is needed to renovate post-world war ii apartment blocks across the european "union," according to a report published tuesday in prague. the senate on thursday resoundingly defeated a bill that would have overhauled the nation's immigration laws for the first time in two "decades," crushing the chances of settling the contentious issue in the next few years. contrary to their "expectations," researchers have found that non-smoked nicotine stimulates the growth of blood "vessels," a discovery that could raise questions about some therapy and the long-term use of nicotine patches. this "week," shenzhen b-share market trimmed its heavy losses and fluctuated around the level it acquired while trying to
13 british advertising agency saatchi and saatchi co. plc applied friday to the tokyo stock exchange to delist its securities from trading on the market on june 13 suspected pro-taliban islamic militants fatally shot a pakistani tribesman near the afghan border after accusing him of spying for the united "states," an intelligence official and residents said saturday. survivors and dignitaries marked on sunday 65 years since the us army liberated "buchenwald," one of the largest and most notorious nazi concentration camps on german soil in world war ii. many of them were police officers before they ever finished their training. all of them are the first to join the police department since the attack on the world trade center. and "wednesday," the "1,359" new officers made up the first graduating class of police officers presided over by newcastle united captain alan shearer has told his team-mates to banish any thoughts of providing him with a storybook finish to his career and instead concentrate their efforts on winning the north-east english club's first major piece of silverware in 36 years. in a major shift in "philosophy," los angeles county transit leaders agreed thursday to develop plans for toll roads in the county within three years. general electric co. said last minute concessions proposed by honeywell international to save their multibillion dollar merger would not be enough to save the deal from rejection by european regulators. shanghai b-share market corrected for most of the week with an unclear "direction," but sharply rallied at the end of this week.
14 chinese archeologists have discovered what they believe to be the ruins of the oldest buddhist temple so far unearthed in the "country," xinhua said friday. the space shuttle "atlantis," fresh from a fiery and nearly flawless "launch," was in hot pursuit of the international space station on "saturday," but will not catch up until sunday. solemnly standing to attention as sirens "wailed," poles fell silent across the country sunday as they mourned president lech kaczynski and top officials killed in a fiery air crash in russia. q: i have just built a rolling island counter for the kitchen with a 3/4-inch-thick plywood top that i plan to cover with formica. former worldcom chief executive bernard "ebbers," the biggest fish in the biggest corporate collapse in us "history," was found guilty on fraud charges "tuesday," culminating a three-year criminal probe. complaints: if you come to the mazda3 2.3 sport expecting it to perform like a truly hot-rod mazda3 "mazdaspeed," you will be disappointed. but if you come expecting ordinary subcompact "competence," you will be overwhelmed. defying a veto "threat," the democratic-controlled senate pushed a sweeping patients' rights bill to the brink of passage "friday," promising millions of americans new protections as well as the right to sue their hmos. chinese president jiang zemin on thursday sent a congratulatory message to the sino-russian committee for "friendship," peace and development for their third plenary "session," which opened here wednesday.                   
15 the ig metall union has decided not to spread a metalworkers' pay strike to further firms in bavaria on monday as earlier "planned," the union's regional leader werner neugebauer said friday. colombians touted former president bill clinton as the unofficial minister of "tourism," lavishing him with praise and honoring the work he has done to reverse the latin american country's image of violence and drugs. survivors and dignitaries marked on sunday 65 years since the us army liberated "buchenwald," one of the largest and most notorious nazi concentration camps on german soil in world war ii. q: i have just built a rolling island counter for the kitchen with a 3/4-inch-thick plywood top that i plan to cover with formica. palestinians prepared tuesday to take control of jericho from israel in the first of five west bank security "transfers," as palestinian factions met in cairo to discuss a formal ceasefire. the car went "zoom-zoom," "sip-sip," which was odd. most cars that go zoom-zoom don't sip; and most that sip don't go zoom-zoom. when you get a car that does both you pay attention. the subcompact mazda3 2.3 sport sedan was hard to ignore. president bush paid tribute to black music friday by staging a white house gospel concert before an audience of artists whose work ranged from jazz to soul. russian president vladimir putin sent a congratulatory message to the ongoing third plenary session of the sino-russian committee for "friendship," "peace," and development "thursday," praising the committee's contribution to bilateral ties.    
16 british trader nick "leeson," suspected of triggering the collapse of his merchant bank barings after incurring multi-million dollar "losses," will fight any attempt to extradite him to "singapore," his lawyer said friday. president gloria macapagal arroyo received on saturday the first nine of 20 military helicopters donated by the united states to help the philippines defeat a 38-year communist insurgency and al-qaida-linked terror groups. president barack obama's drive to build relations with both india and pakistan faces a delicate test sunday as he meets with the leaders of the nuclear-armed rivals to discuss security issues. at the w hotel in times square one recent "evening," oksana "baiul," the olympic figure-skating champion from "ukraine," went slinking through the lobby in a short black dress and a pearl necklace. "nearby," john corbett of hbo's ``sex and the city'' was standing close to a real estate developer the turkish parliament tuesday passed for a second time a controversial law pardoning tens of thousands of women who were expelled from universities for reasons including the wearing of the islamic "headscarf," banned under turkey's secular education system. joel cohen wanted his kids to receive instruction in their jewish faith. but the closest synagogue was half an hour from his house in suburban "waldorf," md. so cohen did what any good dad would do: he opened the phone book and called everyone in the area with a with shouts of "``arriba!''," whistles and thunderous "applause," los angeles mayoral candidate antonio villaraigosa was greeted like a conquering hero here at a gathering
17 the former head of spain's civil guard may have forged his own extradition papers in a bid to limit the corruption charges facing him on his return to "spain," a laotian official said friday. "batting--holliday," "colorado," .355; "dyoung," "washington," .337; "delee," "chicago," .336; "helton," "colorado," .327; "taveras," "colorado," .326; "asoriano," "chicago," .326; "micabrera," "florida," .323. britain's too close to call general election is set to come alive this week after a lacklustre "start," with the three main party leaders going head-to-head in a tv debate and launching their manifestos. the president of the new jersey conference of the national association for the advancement of colored people criticized the state's racial analysis of speeding motorists on the new jersey turnpike on "wednesday," calling the data flawed and contending that state troopers will use it to justify racial profiling. switzerland's stephane lambiel held on to his lead as defending men's champion yevgeny plushenko of russia lost further ground after tuesday's short "programme," the second round of three at the world figure skating championships here. they pool their "finances," home-school their children -- whom they sometimes discipline with small reeds -- and have been accused in other parts of the country of being a cult and breaking child labor laws. two days after visteon corp. eliminated his "job," a glum terry kolesar drove to a placement seminar arranged by his longtime employer. he found a seat and looked around at the faces of 17 other luckless co-workers. the "homepage," "www.toothclub.gov.hk," contains 18 interactive corners providing such information as
18 two journalists were sentenced on friday to 12 months imprisonment and fines of two million cfa francs "(3,900" dollars) for insulting president henri konan bedie. "batting--mordonez," "detroit," .366; "posada," new "york," .359; "vguerrero," los "angeles," .348; "youkilis," "boston," .339; "dortiz," "boston," .337; "polanco," "detroit," .335; "lcastillo," "minnesota," .335. kyrgyzstan's interim government could use force against ousted president kurmanbek bakiyev if he tries to destabilise the "country," interim official omurbek tekebayev said sunday on kyrgyz radio. serena "williams," who now hungers to match the ranking achievement of her sister "venus," overwhelmed martina "hingis," "6-4," "6-0," on wednesday at the nasdaq 100 and will get a crack at her older sibling in the semifinals. anti-war groups say they are gearing up for a series of national demonstrations on "saturday," including acts of civil "disobedience," to mark the second anniversary of the us invasion of "iraq," spokespeople said tuesday. paris hilton has been lambasted for her undeserved "fame," derided for an indulgent life of parties and designer "clothes," and mocked for her vacant and immature public persona. but in her "defense," one should remember that it is not easy being an ``it'' girl. technology problems disrupted the nasdaq stock market for a second straight session "friday," delaying final prices and the compilation of wall street's major indexes. an earthquake measuring 5 on the richter scale jolted xinghai county of northwest china's qinghai "province," at 17:12 (beijing time) "today," according to the china seismological bureau.              
19 lebanese foreign minister fares bweiz meets his 15 european union (eu) counterparts on monday in brussels to launch negotiations for a partnership accord ahead of an era of peace in the middle east. a 10-year-old egyptian girl has tested positive for bird "flu," bring to 35 the number of egyptians who have been infected with the virus since it first appeared in the country last "year," the state-run news agency reported. the body of polish president lech kaczynski was on sunday put on a plane to be sent to "warsaw," in the presence of russian prime minister vladimir "putin," an afp correspondent reported. mace "brown," an outstanding relief pitcher who yielded one of baseball's most memorable home "runs," gabby hartnett's ``homer in the gloamin''' that propelled the chicago cubs to the 1938 national league "pennant," died sunday at his home in "greensboro," n.c. he was 92 vitamin e does not prevent heart attacks and cancer and can actually be harmful when taken in large "doses," a top medical journal reported tuesday. a washington post article about plans to overhaul the federal protective service incorrectly said the agency was created in 1971 after the slaying of a federal judge. the "judge," harold "haley," actually served on the superior court in marin "county," calif. the u.s. economy barely inched forward in the first three months of the year and president bush's chief economist said that growth in the current quarter was likely even worse. a late aboriginal leader of australia not only gained the right for his
20 central bankers in europe mounted two raids in foreign exchange markets to rescue the dollar early on friday but dealers said they would have to keep on charging if they wanted to have a lasting effect. u.s. president george w. bush says he will """be" in listening "mode""" when he meets pope benedict xvi for the first time on saturday. that is a good "thing," because the pope has a lot to say. russian investigators said sunday they were working closely with their polish counterparts to determine the cause of the plane crash that killed poland's president lech kaczynski. remember ergonomics? it's been more than a year since congress killed the ergonomics standards issued in the waning days of the clinton presidency. staunch us ally italy will begin withdrawing its troops from iraq in "september," prime minister silvio berlusconi said "tuesday," citing public opposition which remains high two years after the us-led invasion. donna karan is often asked what she's "wearing," and it's often something that's far from new. to that "end," the designer has created the icons "collection," the best of her archival "designs," completely modernized. "natch," everything's black in the 65-piece collection -- sexy "dresses," slim "pants," slouchy "sweaters," and unanimously re-elected to a second term on "friday," u.n. secretary-general kofi annan pledged to redouble efforts to strengthen human rights and start carrying out a global plan to lift millions out of abject poverty. unocal thailand ltd said it has discovered crude oil in the gulf of thailand and is planning to spend
21 italian prime minister lamberto dini will meet with german chancellor helmut kohl for talks in bonn "wednesday," his office announced here friday. an israeli cabinet minister confirmed saturday that the israeli government has sent messages to "syria," but did not reveal the content. two astronauts from the us shuttle discovery undertook a second spacewalk sunday as part of efforts to replace a depleted ammonia coolant tank outside the international space station. on the boulevards of this gracious southern "city," 350 ncaa final four banners _ black with four "basketballs," each shaped like a georgia peach in "blue," "yellow," orange or purple _ began going up last monday. portuguese side fc porto became the first champions league holders to fail to make the quarter-finals here on tuesday as they were beaten 1-mar by inter milan in their first knockout round second leg match. the rev. george makhlouf knew he had a problem when he got a nasty letter from the city of brotherly love. his story is of a car donation gone bad -- and perhaps is a warning to anyone thinking of donating a vehicle to any one of the many the supreme court agreed friday to decide whether states can force managed care health plans to accept an independent second opinion before refusing to pay for some operations or other medical care. share prices in the philippine stock exchange continued to slide on a sixth straight session friday amid mounting calls for president joseph estrada's resignation.        
22 israel raised fears on friday of a """terrible" "price""" if the united states reneges on presidential promises to pay off jordan's debts. turning the tables on the united states amid growing worries over dangerous chinese "products," beijing said some health "supplements," raisins and pistachios imported from the u.s. failed to meet china's safety standards and have been returned or destroyed. a major 7.1-magnitude earthquake struck near the solomon islands in the western pacific on "sunday," the us geological survey "said," but there was no immediate tsunami alert or reports of damage. bush has significantly stepped up his own campaign activities "recently," raising money for republicans heading into the crucial november midterm "elections," while pushing his budget and other priorities at carefully scripted appearances. an eu delegation is in washington to step up efforts to persuade the united states to agree to lift an embargo against china. about the time thousands of members of the united church of christ prepared to descend on "hartford," "conn.," for their annual conference last "week," newlife christian fellowship pastor eric stillman felt moved to write in his blog. a former top wall street executive admitted feeding stock tips to a porn star friday and was immediately sentenced to the five months he has already served in prison. chinese premier zhu rongji on friday put forward five proposals for the strengthening of cooperation between asia and europe in the new century.                    
23 outgoing ukrainian prime minister vitaly massol has signed an agreement with the international monetary "fund," clearing the way for kiev to obtain a standby loan of 1.3 billion "dollars," the deputy economy minister said friday. former taiwanese president lee teng-hui reiterated his stance that the island is independent of "china," and slammed beijing over its criticism of his visit to a tokyo war "shrine," as he wrapped up a trip to japan on saturday. russian prime minister vladimir putin flew back sunday to the site of polish president lech kaczynski's jet crash for services to commemorate the "victims," russian news agencies reported. a national invitation tournament championship is the title no team really wants because it can mean only that a committee decided the team was not good enough for the ncaa tournament. us president george w. bush left the door open tuesday for hezbollah to play a central political role in "lebanon," urging the shiite movement to """prove""" it does not deserve to be branded a terrorist group. what's with the fireworks? they might be for the birthday of "koko," an amazing lowland gorilla who was born on july "4," "1971," at san francisco zoo. her official name is "hanabi-ko," ``fireworks child'' in japanese. koko can communicate with more than "1,000" signs based on american sign language an american air force sergeant was under suspicion friday in the alleged rape of a japanese woman on okinawa "island," pentagon spokesman lt. cmdr. jeff davis said. stock prices rebounded in tokyo "friday," helped by thursday's surge
24 a judge's decision to make former prime minister giulio andreotti stand trial for alleged mafia links signalled italy's new anti-crime resolve but could show it had been ruled by "murderers," newspapers said friday. former taiwanese president lee teng-hui reiterated his stance that the island is independent of "china," and slammed beijing over its criticism of his visit to a tokyo war "shrine," as he wrapped up a trip to japan on saturday. sirens across poland wailed sunday as poles held two minutes of silence to mourn president lech kaczynski and 95 others who perished with him in an air crash in russia. that skinny stock clerk who nearly ran over your foot with a pallet in the frozen foods section of albertson's last week _ that was kurt busch. chelsea extended their lead at the top of the english premiership to 11 points with a jan-00 win over relegation battlers west bromwich albion at stamford bridge here on tuesday. imagine if there were a steering wheel in your living room window and you tried to drive your house to the mall instead of your car. agere "systems," the semiconductor business recently spun off from lucent "technologies," announced friday that it would slash an additional "4,000" jobs to cope with a downturn in the communications market. chinese economist hu angang believes that one of the principal aims of china's strategy to develop western china is to raise the living standards of people in the region.           
25 the south korean government protested to morocco friday after a moroccan patrol boat opened fire on a south korean trawler off the country's atlantic "coast," killing its skipper. thousands of workers at a plastic christmas tree factory in southern china clashed with police after a 10-day "strike," news reports said saturday. a "major," 7.1-magnitude earthquake struck near the solomon islands in the western pacific on "sunday," the us geological survey "said," but there was no immediate tsunami alert or report of damage. a little young to remember the 1988 national "championship," the jayhawks' freshman best remembers the final four team of 1991 and his personal "favorites," the 1997 team of paul "pierce," raef lafrentz and jacque vaughn that didn't make it that far. brazilian striker adriano scored a stunning hat-trick as inter milan beat holders porto 1-mar here tuesday in their champions league first knockout round second leg match to dump them out of the competition and become the third italian team to reach the quarter-finals. the wilson family had puzzled over their mutt drake's distinctive behavior ever since they brought him home from the washington animal rescue league four years ago. vice president dick "cheney," experiencing heart problems for the third time since last november's "election," expected doctors to implant a pacemaker saturday to even out a rapid heartbeat. declaring himself otherwise "fit," he said he would resign if ill health began hindering his work. li "peng," chairman of the standing committee of the national people's congress "(npc)," met with vladimir "platonov," vice-chairman of
26 a poem written by an imprisoned leading dissident which calls on the chinese people to """break" our handcuffs and demolish the "prison,""" was made public here on friday. sri lankan troops captured four tamil tiger rebel camps in the country's volatile east after fierce fighting which left 30 insurgents and one soldier "dead," the military said saturday. another failure in the quest for a treaty on climate change would cripple trust in the united nations' ability to tackle global "warming," the un's climate pointman warned as new talks ground into their final day sunday. los angeles - when kansas was practicing at pauley pavilion earlier this "season," the jayhawks were preparing to defend ucla's double high-post offense. the scout team was running it precisely - more "precisely," in "fact," than the bruins often did - with all the requisite cuts and reads. the un security council on tuesday adopted a resolution calling on member states to strictly enforce an arms embargo against somalia that has been in effect since 1992 but is frequently broken. we get the box office concept of the "penguin," we do. it's the rat movies we don't get. penguins can be sweet little buddies struggling to survive in a harsh world (``march of the "penguins,''" opening weekend: $4  million). they can giggle and then dance like savion glover (``happy defying a veto "threat," the democratic-controlled senate pushed sweeping patients' rights legislation to the brink of passage "friday," promising millions of americans new health care protections and the ability to sue their
27 a bill in the house of commons friday seeking to ban "fox," hare and stag hunting -- pillars of english gentry's sporting tradition -- has raised venom and polarized british opinion in ways politics never could. lebanon's army on saturday pounded al-qaida-inspired islamic militants hiding in a palestinian refugee camp in renewed heavy clashes following a few days of intermittent fighting. saudi arabian foreign minister prince saud al-faisal denied his country boosted iraq's former premier iyad allawi in last month's "election," a saudi-owned newspaper said sunday. entertainment industry figures painted a bleak picture wednesday of efforts to reverse the trend of film and television productions increasingly being shot in foreign locations to cut costs. national and international election observers on tuesday gave a clean bill of health to weekend presidential and legislative polls in the central african republic. the first television show that ben silverman bought this summer after being named co-chairman of nbc entertainment was ``sin tetas no hay paraiso.'' the chicago white sox acquired reliever alan embree from the san francisco giants on friday in exchange for minor leaguer derek hasselhoff. nine chinese "cities," "namely," "beijing," "tianjin," "shijiazhuang," "taiyuan," "changsha," "chongqing," "lanzhou," xining and "urumqi," reported slight air pollution "today," with the highest pollution reading at 183 in shijiazhuang.                                            
28 the dollar fell to a record low price of 94.82 yen friday despite two waves of concerted intervention by european central banks. u.s. president george w. bush says he will """be" in listening "mode""" when he meets pope benedict xvi for the first time on saturday. that is a good "thing," because the pope has a lot to say. a "major," 7.1-magnitude earthquake struck near the solomon islands in the western pacific on "sunday," the us geological survey "said," but there was no immediate tsunami alert or report of damage. while the capper to the "record," a heart-stopping 3-apr victory friday over phoenix that saw the stars erase a 1-mar third-period "deficit," was fun and "inspiring," it's a dangerous way to live. which the stars have found out as they take a two-game losing streak into calgary tonight. michael jackson's teenage accuser said tuesday he had denied the alleged sex abuse at the time for fear his classmates would torment him further over his relationship with the star. it doesn't surprise me "that," after 14 years of stalking the american pickup "market," toyota finally has unleashed full-size pickup hell with its monstrous toyota "tundra," a truck that goes nose to nose with big-ugly domestics ford f-150 and chevy silverado. the bush administration is sending a u.s. envoy to macedonia to help with peace negotiations between ethnic albanians and the slav-dominated government. israel on friday rejected the resolution adopted thursday by the u.n. human rights "commission," saying the resolution is """hostile," unbalanced and "unnecessary."""  
29 the us airline midway has ordered four a-320 airbus and taken options on another "four," the european airbus consortium said here friday. all "options," including the military "one," are on the table when it comes to dealing with iran's nuclear "program," an israeli cabinet minister said "saturday," after discussing the issue with senior u.s. officials. poland fell silent sunday after its president and much of the ruling elite were wiped out in a plane crash in "russia," as investigators probed why the pilots ignored warnings not to land in thick fog. "tempe," ariz. - first baseman scott spiezio and third baseman troy glaus met with baseball officials wednesday afternoon in an effort to have their suspensions reduced. a decision is expected by friday. maurice """hank""" greenberg has been forced to quit as head of american international group "(aig)," the world's biggest insurance group amid a probe by us authorities into its dealings. can a chinese man successfully portray the rev. martin luther king jr. on stage? should he darken his face and change his features to do it? should american notions of political correctness determine how one of china's premier theatrical troupes stages a play? u.s. officials backed peru's decision to try to get former spy chief vladimiro montesinos into custody in venezuela without telling venezuelan "officials," a state department official said. the kenya wildlife service (kws) will start a major crackdown on illegal snake farms in the coastal "area," reported friday's east african standard newspaper.         
30 two shells fired by tanks hit the town of bihac in the south of the bosnian moslem enclave thursday injuring two people and causing major "damage," the united nations said friday. pakistan on saturday announced a big jump in its annual spending "plans," hiking civil service pay and funds for education as well as military spending in an election year for both president gen. pervez musharraf and his government. sudanese were headed to the polls on sunday to vote for their president in a keenly awaited election that has been marred by opposition boycotts. businesses in "wichita," "kan.," were so desperate for low-fare airline service that they were willing to open their checkbooks before they ever flew on airtran airways. an opinion poll wednesday found australians were deeply divided over plans to recruit foreign """guest" "workers""" to solve a chronic labour shortage amid fears imported labour had already cost local jobs. sen. charles "schumer," "d-n.y.," called sunday for the creation of a federal import "czar," blaming heightened concerns over the safety and quality of chinese imports on what he called a lapse in import product safety caused by unexacting inspections and a bureaucratic morass. the philadelphia phillies were three outs away from sweeping a doubleheader to move back into first place in the nl "east," and the loudest yells at veterans stadium came from the beer vendors. chinese athletes won two gold medals and one silver in the inaugual women's paralympic powerlifting competitions at the sydney 2000 games here on saterday.    
31 president bill clinton expressed confidence in mexico's president on "friday," saying that the country was moving in the right direction. justine henin sat in her chair during a "changeover," opened an envelope and pulled out a note bearing the word """allez""" -- french for """let's" "go.""" us president barack obama offered condolences to poland "saturday," mourning the """devastating""" death of president lech kaczynski and dozens of other top officials in a fiery plane crash. from soon after sunrise "thursday," mohammed siddiq was at work in the ruins of his "home," using his weak left arm to wield a "pick," and then a "shovel," amid the pile of mud bricks that had been his living room. his right arm was in a sling. his australia is heading for an economic slowdown in the second half of "2005," according to an economic indicator released wednesday. prominent film director michael apted was elected for a third term saturday as president of the directors guild of america. former president jimmy carter urged sharply divided baptists on friday to ``find a common theme as partners'' eight months after leaving the denomination's conservative wing. "cheerleader," this is one role the australian prime minister john howard played at the sydney paralympics judo gym on saturday.                                               
32 eight members of an official chinese government delegation were attacked by a group of about 20 skinheads last month in greifswald in eastern "germany," police said friday. ethiopian prime minister meles zenawi said saturday that he hopes the u.n. security council will back funding for an african union peacekeeping force in somalia so his troops can pull out. rescuers raced against time saturday amid fading hopes of finding survivors of a huge "mudslide," with over 400 people now feared dead in some of the worst flooding to swamp brazil in decades. playing to anti-immigrant feelings among "italians," the government issued a decree on thursday empowering the government to destroy any ships used for the illegal transport of refugees. tasmanian batsman michael bevan was on wednesday named the 2005 sheffield shield player of the year after scoring eight centuries and a record "1,464" runs during the first class season. sen. barack obama raised $31  million for his presidential primary campaign over the past three "months," surging past sen. hillary rodham clinton's fund-raising machine by nearly $10  million for the quarter to take the lead in contributions in the crowded democratic field. john rocker sat and watched like everyone else as the kansas city royals hit four homers off dave burba in the fourth inning friday night and rallied for a 3-may win over the cleveland indians. the gold price in hong kong lost two hk dollars to close at "2,523" hk dollars a tael "saturday," according to po sang "bank," one of the major gold dealers
33 russia's prime minister viktor chernomyrdin welcomed friday the cooperation ties established between russia and the organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd). shareholders who complain that executive pay is getting out of control have a new tool for pressing their case: they are demanding that companies spell out why their top brass deserves generous rewards. the united states expressed deep regret late saturday over the violence on the streets of bangkok and the loss of life in the political "protests," the state department said. proponents of gun control predicted thursday that boston's decision to drop its three-year-old lawsuit against dozens of gun manufacturers is not likely to end the efforts of 33 other cities around the country that are suing the gun industry. taiwan share prices closed 0.15 percent higher wednesday as moderate bargain-hunting and possible government support helped offset the continued negative impact from china's passage of an anti-secession law against the "island," dealers said. argentine president nestor kirchner will not run for re-election in "october," but his "wife," cristina fernndez de "kirchner," will run for the "office," government officials announced sunday. milwaukee brewers right-hander jeff d'amico decided friday to have an operation to repair a decompressed nerve in his upper right arm. taiwan stocks prices went up further on saturday with the benchmark weighted index moving up 194.96 points to close at "5,599.74," according to local media.                          
34 leading european stock markets all lost ground on friday as prices slipped by 0.4 percent in "london," 0.67 percent in "paris," 0.43 percent in "frankfurt," and a hefty 1.4 percent in milan. hundreds of people marched through st. petersburg on saturday in an anti-government protest that coincided with a major economic forum where president vladimir putin was showcasing russia. sudanese vote on sunday in the country's first multi-party elections in a quarter of a "century," but the polls have been marred by an opposition boycott and accusations of fraud. every avid ``lord of the rings'' film fan knows that the ``fellowship of the ring'' actors each got a tattoo (of the elvish symbol for ``9'') to commemorate their cinematic brotherhood. us secretary of state condoleezza "rice," on a six-nation tour of "asia," warned north korea it was becoming increasingly isolated and said pyongyang's return to stalled six-party talks was the only way to end a standoff over its nuclear weapons drive. the u.s. department of defense said sunday that four of the five soldiers killed thursday in south "baghdad," "iraq," called southern california home. jason bere pitched his third career complete game and sammy sosa homered into the cincinnati reds' new ballpark friday night as the chicago cubs emphatically ended their slump with a 1-jul victory. chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region tung chee hwa will leave for beijing on thursday for his annual duty "visit," a government spokesman announced on saturday.          
35 a first detachment of 54 dutch marines flew out of the military airbase at soesterberg in the centre of the country friday to join the un peace-keeping operation in "haiti," the defence ministry said. soaring energy prices may be blowing a hole in drivers' "wallets," but they have been mostly good news for oil companies shareholders -- and doubly so for top executives like occidental petroleum corp. ceo ray irani. us president barack obama will call for unprecedented global action to secure nuclear stocks and keep weapons grade material out of the hands of "extremists," at a two-day summit opening monday. hundreds of worried postal workers and neighbors of the anthrax-ridden brentwood mail sorting center here are voicing fears about the coming effort to decontaminate the sprawling building with tons of chlorine dioxide gas. pakistan must halt """all" cross-border terrorism against "india""" as part of the peace "process," indian foreign minister natwar singh warned wednesday. an orange "county," "calif.," priest and his female traveling companion were found dead sunday in their "car," apparently victims of an auto "accident," in a remote oregon logging area where they had disappeared more than three weeks before. john rocker smiled at everyone. he shook some "hands," politely answered every question and even said he owed chipper jones an apology. egyptian president hosni mubarak on saturday denounced israel for its """reckless" "practices""" and """" belligerent "attitude""" regardless of the palestinian and arab rights.                 
36 share prices eased slightly this week as the negative influence of the collapse of barings merchant bank was offset by positive company "results," dealers said. franz beckenbauer presented a glowing picture of the benefits the 2006 world cup brought to germany on the anniversary of the soccer tournament's opening game. former massachusetts governor mitt romney would be the top pick of republicans meeting "here," to square off against us president barack "obama," if the party primary were held "now," officials said saturday. federal officials thursday urged americans to consider mass voluntary smallpox vaccinations for the first time in "decades," citing evidence that shows government stockpiles will soon be adequate to immunize the entire nation against the highly infectious virus. one us soldier was killed and four others were wounded in a land mine explosion in western "afghanistan," the us military said wednesday. carlyle "group," a district of columbia-based private-equity "firm," is in the early stages of discussions to purchase virgin "media," according to a source familiar with the talks. vladimir guerrero drove in five runs and pitcher troy mattes had three hits _ as many as he allowed in seven innings _ as the montreal expos beat the pittsburgh pirates 3-dec friday night. israel on saturday rejected a united nations resolution condemning it for """excessive" use of "force""" against the palestinians during the last three weeks of clashes in the palestinian territories.                       
37 never in dealers' memory have cotton prices jumped as high as they did this "week," soaring on particularly poor harvests in "india," china and "pakistan," and as speculators swarmed into the market. u.s. states should have the power to restrict the movement of patients with contagious diseases even before they have the chance to disobey doctors' "orders," federal health officials say. yankees hurler cc sabathia's no-hit bid was broken up in the eighth inning by kelly schoppach "saturday," but new york finished the night with a oct-00 victory over the tampa bay rays. the oscars are "announced," but what about the videos? ``training day'' with denzel washington (best actor) was released last week. ``monster's ball'' with halle berry (best actress) is scheduled for june 11 no dates have been announced for ``a beautiful "mind,''" ``gosford park'' or ``iris.'' a proposal from opec heavyweight saudi arabia for the cartel to raise its production ceiling is likely to be adopted in a meeting here "wednesday," qatari energy minister abdullah bin hamad al-attiyah said. when bo barefoot gives directions to his house in "bethesda," "md.," he stops with the turn onto his street. after "that," he "says," ``you'll see the banana trees.'' premier silvio berlusconi's holding "company," fininvest "spa," on friday denied that the conservative leader the falsified its accounts as alleged by prosecutors. fresh clashes broke out on saturday between israeli forces and palestinians in the west bank and gaza "strip," injuring five palestinians and an israeli officer.         
38 falling. gold fell around five dollars to 376 dollars per ounce during the "week," which specialists suggested was due to gold selling by central banks. president george w. "bush," met by boisterous "protests," sought to impress pope benedict xvi and the italian public on saturday with his humanitarian record and played down differences with the vatican over iraq. hungarians go to the polls sunday in general elections that look likely to bring the right-wing fidesz back to "power," while giving the far-right jobbik its first ticket into parliament. federal prosecutors notified a us district court thursday that they intend to seek the death penalty against zacarias "moussaoui," the frenchman the government has accused of being a conspirator in the sept. 11 attacks. a us navy hospital ship was due to leave indonesia's tsunami-hit aceh province "wednesday," ending six weeks of humanitarian aid for victims of the december "disaster," the us embassy said. jeanette howarth would love to offer better benefits to employees who work for howarth excavating and wishes more employees would participate in her company's retirement plan. democratic leaders ordered the senate secretary to vacate his office friday and told media photographers and magazine writers they would have to leave their longtime work space in the u.s. capitol. the asia-europe cooperation framework 2000 adopted at the third asia-europe meeting (asem) in seoul saturday sets out the "vision," "principles," "objectives," priorities and mechanism for the asem process for the coming decade.              
39 polish president lech walesa and prime minister-designate josef oleksy agreed friday on the nomination of a new defence "minister," ending the battle of wills that had plunged the country into political crisis. tens of thousands of anti-globalization and far-left activists marched through the capital's ancient center beating rhythms on drums and brass instruments saturday to protest against u.s. president george w. bush during his visit to rome and the vatican. lee westwood surprised himself by staying calm and composed during an amazing day of golf. now the englishman feels he is finally ready to claim a major title by winning the 74th masters. emc corp. shaved bonuses for top executives last year amid tumbling revenues and "profits," but it also handed them millions of cheaply priced stock options as the data storage giant's shares plunged. new zealand share prices closed 0.32 percent lower in modest trading wednesday following a broad-based sell-off that mirrored overnight declines on wall "street," dealers said. ships traversing waters where whales nurse and feed in the gerry e. studds stellwagen bank national marine sanctuary off massachusetts bay began taking modified routes this month on their way to and from boston harbor to reduce the risk of collisions. the national oceanic and atmospheric administration mapped out a woman and three children found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in the family's garage were victims of "murder-suicide," a medical examiner's report concludes. managing-director of the reformist persian-language daily """hambastegi""" (solidarity) has received a summon to appear before the press court on "sunday," two weeks
40 masanori "murakami," the only japanese player in us major league baseball "history," comes here this weekend to instruct the latest baseball export from his "homeland," hideo nomo. authorities on saturday combed an area near the montana state prison for two escaped "inmates," including one once accused of plotting to kidnap talk show host david letterman's son. pakistan's prime minister yousuf raza gilani said monday that osama bin laden was not in his "country," arguing that the world's most wanted man would not have escaped his nation's military operations. the saudi plan for putting an end to conflict in the middle "east," based on israeli withdrawal from occupied territories in return for normal relations with arab "nations," is not likely to be endorsed quickly by the security "council," diplomats said here thursday. dutch brewery giant heineken has introduced its trademark lager beer in kenya after securing a joint venture deal with kenya's east african breweries limited "(eabl)," officials said wednesday. ap-ny-07-02-07 1744edt bc-sixflags (wap) (attn: financial editors)(includes optional trims) one photo (tpn) //six flags seeks to clean up "parks," finances with a focus on fun for all ages//(washn) by alejandro lazo= (c) "2007," the washington post= ghanaian president john kufuor says his plan for a reconciliation commission to look into killings and disappearances during jerry rawlings' 20-year rule is meant only to help ease "tensions," not to conduct a witch hunt on political opponents. former heavyweight champion mike tyson won his heavyweight bout against andrew golota on friday when golota failed to answer the bell for
41 blue-chip stocks posted modest gains friday on wall street despite a weak dollar and higher interest rates as investors looked to signs that economic growth remained steady. an egyptian supreme court decided saturday that a liberal university in cairo cannot ban women from wearing the face veil while inside the "campus," a court official and a lawyer in the case said. director james cameron was in brazil on monday to lend his """avatar""" success to the fight against a controversial dam project he denounced as an """ecological" "disaster.""" as tyco international was negotiating last year over how much it would pay to buy out the public shareholders of its fiber optic "division," an independent director of that unit owed tyco's two top executives $14.10  million. run-down philippines prisons are """escape-prone""," officials admitted wednesday following a failed jailbreak by al-qaeda-linked muslim militants that descended into a bloody prison uprising leaving dozens dead. looking "back," the night of june 25 was a high point in the professional partnership of blaine hewison-jones and austin "visschedyk," briefly known as the ``pint-size paparazzi.'' the united states is prepared to support a japanese economic reform plan that is designed over time to end a decade of "stagnation," a senior u.s. official said on the eve of a japanese-american summit. mrs. farial ashraff was sworn in friday night as sri lanka's minister of development of the east and rural "housing," the first muslim woman minister in the "country," the official daily news reported on saturday.       
42 the dollar ended the week close to record low levels "friday," after concerted international central bank intervention and official statements in favor of a strong greenback failed to stop the rot. lornah kiplagat of the netherlands won the new york mini 10k in central park for a fourth time on saturday. us president barack obama and chinese president hu jintao agreed monday that their delegations would work together at the united nations on a sanctions resolution against "iran," a us official said. stiff-backed and "unsmiling," her dark eyes as opaque as cough "drops," the french actress isabelle huppert gives one of her greatest screen performances as erika "kohut," a "haughty," sexually repressed priestess of high culture in michael haneke's powerfully disquieting "film," ``the piano teacher.'' health officers are probing seafood market stalls in hong kong following the treatment of 20 people for a rare form of food poisoning after eating contaminated "scallops," officials said wednesday. in horror "movies," the doorway to hell is always in the basement. if anyone should come across a doorway to "heaven," i bet it would open to a mudroom. no matter how "gruesome," how salacious or how painful the "testimony," dr. dirk greineder's three grown children stood by "him," convinced he was innocent of their mother's murder. the third asia-europe meeting ( asem) concluded on saturday morning after two days of extensive discussions over cooperation between the two continents in the first decade of the new century.             
43 a county official who wants olympic athletes to disclose their aids status before competing here in 1996 is seeking mandatory aids instruction for competitors. the crew of the space shuttle "atlantis," satisfied that a 4-inch (10-centimeter) gap in a heat-protecting blanket would not cause any "problems," readied themselves for what nasa called a delicate ballet with the international space station. us stocks crept higher monday ahead of the unofficial kickoff of the corporate earnings "season," closing the dow jones industrial average above "11,000" for the first time in 18 months. for connie "standley," the final indignity came when the manager of a fast-food restaurant asked why she was bringing her service dogs into his business in the florida panhandle when she was obviously not blind. us secretary of state condoleezza rice wednesday praised growing peace moves by india and pakistan and pledged to increase defence and energy cooperation with new "delhi," while calling for a return to democracy in neighbouring nepal. as a "boy," swiss filmmaker fredi m. murer wanted to be a genius. but that wasn't the case. ``i was terribly "normal,''" he says with a sigh. ichiro suzuki singled twice during a six-run first inning and carlos guillen and mike cameron hit two-run homers as the seattle mariners beat the anaheim angels 5-sep friday night. all the representatives of the serbian radical party (srs) in the serbian "government," including two deputy premiers and 13 "ministers," on friday handed in their "resignations," said tanjug news agency.        
44 davis "love," who needs a pga victory in the next five weeks to achieve his goal of playing in the "masters," fired a three-under par 69 here friday for a one-stroke lead at the doral open. an egyptian supreme court decided saturday that a liberal university in cairo cannot ban women from wearing the face veil while inside the "campus," a court official and a lawyer in the case said. a new york rabbi was sentenced monday to a maximum of 32 years in jail for the repeated sexual abuse of a 16-year-old "boy," prosecutors said. the high plains of "montana," the setting for ``the slaughter "rule,''" remain one of the last american outposts of a genuine frontier spirit. the landscape's surreal beauty and the climate's punishing extremes ensure that only a certain kind of person _ seriously "outdoorsy," proudly self-reliant and not dependent on a japanese television network on wednesday broadcast what it said were video clips of two public executions in stalinist north korea. fly or ferry? travelers to hawaii shuttling between honolulu and maui and kauai will finally get to choose. tickets are on sale for the hawaii "superferry," a high-speed catamaran the length of a football field that will sail starting in august (no date set yet). base fares start at one admirer has called kofi annan ``a rock star of international diplomacy.'' another says there is ``a saint-like sense about him.'' the emergency special session of the united nations general assembly on the middle east on friday night overwhelmingly adopted
45 the united "states," japan and south korea expressed agreement friday on the use of south korean-designed nuclear reactors as the basis for a deal restructuring pyongyang's nuclear program. a concrete wall collapsed saturday night in a kenyan slum during driving "rain," tipping debris into makeshift homes and killing eight people as they "slept," police said. for most of the "world," the ipad is seen as a spiffy new tablet computer worthy of fawning "adoration," but in brazil the device is capable of jolting hearts -- literally. on friday afternoons from november to "april," tens of thousands of southern california skiers and snowboarders jump into their cars and drive north. they make excellent time speeding through the mojave "desert," up the vast owens valley and along the eastern edge of the sierra "nevada," and arrive in financial secretary henry tang said wednesday that hong kong had posted its first budget surplus in five years as the economy bounced back strongly in 2004 with growth of 8.1 percent. a u.s. military spokesman accused iranian leaders monday of using guerrillas from lebanon's militant hezbollah group to train militiamen fighting american troops in iraq and to organize "attacks," including a january ambush on an iraqi-u.s. outpost that killed five american soldiers. major league baseball_suspended houston astros inf charlie hayes for two games and fined him an undisclosed amount for directing inappropriate comments toward the "umpires," refusing to leave the field after being ejected and throwing equipment onto the playing field in a june 14 game. suspended colorado rockies inf
46 a new line of inquiry has been launched into alleged corruption by former italian prime minister silvio "berlusconi," judicial sources here said friday. palestinian gunmen broke through israel's heavily-fortified gaza border and battled troops inside israel for about two hours "saturday," in an abortive attempt to abduct an israeli soldier in which one of the raiders was killed but the military said no soldiers were harmed. australian chris rogers' stunning two innings total of 360 runs inspired derbyshire to their first victory over surrey at the oval since england's footballers won the world cup in 1966 on monday. the head of florida's state pension "fund," which has come under scrutiny because of losses from investments in "enron," announced on thursday that he would retire in june after six years on the job. chinese safari parks have agreed to stop staging live feeding shows in which horses and oxen are given to tigers who tear them to pieces for visitors' "entertainment," state media said wednesday. hard to "watch," and hard not to keep "watching," the hbo documentary ``coma'' is not actually about coma but about what comes after. (the more accurate ``traumatic brain injury'' isn't quite as arresting a title.) a state of profound unconsciousness from which a person cannot "wake," a coma provides a judge declared a mistrial in the case of a former murray state university student accused setting a dormitory fire that killed one student and severely injured another. chinese athlete li dongmei won the women's discus throw f54 event with a throw
47 a synthetic cannabis already on the market seems to be able to alleviate the symptoms of multiple "sclerosis," according to the findings of a british research team published saturday in the medical journal the lancet. russia's most vocal opposition "movement," headed by former chess champion garry "kasparov," held a march and rally in a major city without police violence or interference for the first time saturday. a un security council delegation has scrapped planned visits to rwanda and uganda on an upcoming central african tour and will now take in the democratic republic of congo (drc) "only," diplomats said monday. the pentagon's inspector general is reviewing recent travel of army secretary thomas e. white amid concerns that he may have used a military plane for personal "travel," officials said thursday. separatist rebels in indonesia's tsunami-hit aceh province on wednesday denied sugestions they were behind the armed attack on a japanese tugboat in the malacca strait and the kidnapping of three crewmen. sen. edward m. "kennedy," "d-mass.," is being a homer for the bay state. the new england politico wants the premiere of ``the simpsons movie'' to be held in "springfield," "mass.," as opposed to namesake cities in "indiana," "missouri," ohio and 10 other states. john rocker smiled at everyone. he shook some "hands," politely answered every question and even said he owed chipper jones an apology. china will open more sectors in the western region to foreign investors and loosen restrictions on share holding by foreign business "people," a chinese official said here today. 
48 the world bank said friday it is prepared to offer russia up to 100 million dollars in emergency loan funds to help clean up a major oil spill in the komi region of northern russia. a concrete wall collapsed saturday night in a kenyan slum during driving "rain," tipping debris into makeshift homes and killing eight people as they "slept," police said. russian president dmitry medvedev arrived in the united states monday to take part in an unprecedented nuclear security summit of 47 "nations," officials told afp. considering the santa anita derby's success at producing kentucky derby "winners," nobody here would ship a 3-year-old to an out-of-state prep race without a powerful reason. but more and more in recent "seasons," trainers are finding a reason. chess legend bobby "fischer," who faces prison if he returns to the united "states," can only avoid deportation from japan if iceland upgrades its granting of residency to full "citizenship," a japanese lawmaker said wednesday. hammer "pants," samurai "pants," genie pants -- the kinds of trousers you thought were gone forever "were," believe it or "not," the centerpiece of the paris men's shows. the extradition of slobodan milosevic to a u.n. court to face war crimes charges has touched off an internal political crisis in yugoslavia that threatens to push the federation's two republics further apart. "guangzhou," october 21 (xinhua) #name? second subway in "guangzhou," capital of south china's guangdong "province," which has been under construction since february this "year," will only cost 10 billion "yuan," 1.3 billion yuan less
49 israelis late saturday shot and wounded two "palestinians," one of them "seriously," close to the jewish settlement of "netzarim," palestinians said. gunmen abducted an italian roman catholic priest in the southern philippines on sunday who was on his way to a remote village to celebrate "mass," police said. chelsea manager carlo ancelotti insists he won't let sir alex ferguson's mind games distract his side from pressing home their advantage in the premier league title race. if you enjoyed the mild winter this "year," with its multitude of balmy days and desert-blue "skies," so did a great number of things that creep and crawl. pakistan president pervez musharraf will visit india on april 17 to watch a cricket match and also hold talks with indian prime minister manmohan "singh," an indian government spokesman confirmed wednesday. the 39-page memo recovered from an al-qaida laptop computer in pakistan three years ago read like an idiot's guide to bombmaking. forget military explosives or fancy "detonators," it lectured. "instead," the manual advised a shopping trip to a hardware store or "pharmacy," where all the necessary ingredients for a as she waited for each "serve," venus williams crouched at the baseline and swayed from side to "side," as if being tugged in two directions. ethiopian foreign minister seyoum mesfin left here monday for "algiers," capital of "algeria," to attend the second round of the ethio-eritrean proximity talks.                        
50 a jan-00 win at aston villa kept blackburn three points clear at the top of the premiership on saturday but manchester united served notice that they are in no mood to concede their title with a crushing sep-00 victory over ipswich. u.s. president george w. "bush," leaving behind thousands of anti-bush protesters in "rome," got a hero's welcome in albania on sunday as he became the first american president to visit this tiny impoverished nation. a court heard a french pop singer's lawsuit monday against a tv news channel he accuses of violating his right to privacy by airing rumours he was having an affair with first lady carla bruni-sarkozy. with the electricity cut and staccato bursts of gunfire rolling over the olive trees of ramallah's rocky "hills," dalia qaria huddled with her three sisters and mother around a gas stove in a city besieged friday by force and fear. an iranian serial killer convicted of kidnapping and murdering 21 "people," most of them little "boys," was publicly flogged and hanged south of tehran on wednesday before thousands of "spectators," an afp reporter at the scene said. u.s. soldiers and marines filed into the marble hall of saddam hussein's former al faw palace on independence day as foreigners at home as well as here. but they left the room as american citizens. homestate favorite ted musgrave overpowered previously dominant jack sprague with 30 laps remaining saturday and won the nascar truck series race. the first of the four refurnished submarines of the canadian navy arrives
51 alan shearer and chris "sutton," who have scored 49 goals between them this "season," failed to get on the scoresheet for only the seventh time in 36 matches this season. the tgv high-speed train began commercial service between paris and strasbourg on "sunday," nearly halving travel time between the two cities to 2 hours 20 minutes and linking the tgv network with germany. here are the estimated contributions that leading eurozone countries would make if a 30-billion-euro (41-billion-dollar) loan programme for greece were activated: not long "ago," some friends _ and even some strangers _ were reading one of the more distraught passages in julieanne olivier's journal. the dollar fell against leading currencies on "wednesday," reversing the previous day's gains ahead of key us current account "data," dealers said. while international concern over china's food and product safety has focused on exports to the united states and other "countries," a report published wednesday suggests that it is the chinese people who have the most to fear. chet "atkins," whose guitar style influenced a generation of rock musicians even as he helped develop an easygoing country style to compete with "it," died saturday. he was 77 the display will be opened by michael "douglas," one of the united nations """messengers" of "peace,""" together with the u.n. undersecretary-general for public "information," kensaku "hogen," and the u.n. undersecretary-general for disarmament "affairs," jayantha "dhanapala," u.n. officials said here monday.                    
52 earlier in the "week," keegan had claimed that newcastle were not out of the title "race," but now they find themselves 12 points behind blackburn with just 11 matches remaining. pakistan will join an international initiative aimed at keeping nuclear materials from the hands of "terrorists," but the country's military nuclear program and facilities will not be "covered," the ministry of foreign affairs said. prosecutors on monday demanded suspended jail sentences and fines against two former presidents of french club paris saint-germain over suspect transfer dealings at the club. browsers at the raynham flea market a few weeks ago had to slog through ankle-deep melting snow to get to vendors "who," taking advantage of one of the winter's many unseasonably warm "sundays," had decided that their wares were better displayed in the bright winter sunlight. british prime minister tony blair's spokesman said wednesday an announcement by italy that it would begin to withdraw its troops from iraq had been """misinterpreted""." bilal abdullah was an angry militant islamist long before he became a doctor in britain or a chief suspect in last week's attempted car bombings in london and "glasgow," according to acquaintances of his. in one "year," former spy chief vladimiro montesinos has gone from peru's most-feared man to a lonely prisoner on a hunger strike willing to spill the beans on his former "boss," ousted president alberto fujimori. spain ranked first in sexual harassment of the working women in europe with 84 percent while 60 percent of the working women in greece were also
53 inmates at the franco da rocha prison held 60 hostages during an uprising that lasted more than 24 hours and ended with their surrender "saturday," authorities said. u.s. president george w. "bush," leaving behind thousands of anti-bush protesters in "rome," got a hero's welcome in albania on sunday as he became the first american president to visit this tiny impoverished nation. ratings agency standard and poor's on monday raised its long-term credit rating on georgia in an optimistic appraisal of the ex-soviet country's free-market reforms and prospects for economic growth. israel's "army," its government _ and its vast public relations apparatus _ appeared to be mobilizing friday for a "long," drawn-out battle against the palestinians. spanish clothing group "inditex," owner of the zara fashion "chain," is looking to expand its presence in asia by opening new stores in japan and establishing a logistics platform in "china," "thailand," or "indonesia," cinco dias business daily said wednesday. democrats in congress are building a legislative roadblock to the bush administration's plan to place elements of a missile defense system in poland and the czech republic. chet "atkins," whose guitar style influenced a generation of rock musicians even as he helped develop an easygoing country style to compete with "it," died saturday. he was 77 with the monday "deployment," the united nations newest peacekeeping operation will have completed the second phase of its three-phase "operations," and have up to 100 observers deployed in line with the u.n. security council resolution adopted on july 31 this year.   
54 the most radical of algeria's extremist "factions," the armed islamic group "(gia)," on saturday threatened reprisals against belgian interests unless jailed members of a fundamentalist network broken up by police were immediately freed. chinese president hu jintao met with members of sweden's business elite on sunday -- the last day of his two-day state visit in the nordic country. prosecutors on monday demanded suspended jail sentences and fines against two former presidents of french club paris saint-germain over suspect transfer dealings at the club. driving tanks through stone walls and fighting room to "room," israeli troops friday took control of yasser arafat's "headquarters," stopping just yards from the besieged leader himself. asian stocks recovered from a shaky start to finish with mostly modest gains "wednesday," steadying after tuesday's heavy losses as oil prices eased following signs oil kingpin saudi arabia could boost output significantly to calm the "market," dealers said. with eight suspects in last weekend's attempted car-bomb attacks in "custody," all of them foreign doctors or other medical "professionals," britain reduced its terrorism threat level from critical to severe wednesday and prime minister gordon brown announced more rigorous background checks on foreign doctors applying for visas to work a nasa observatory rocketed into space saturday on a mission to scan the universe for the faint afterglow of creation. britain monday urged israel to investigate whether its forces had violated rules of engagement in recent clashes with palestinians which have killed 127 people and wounded thousands.         
55 richard krajicek ensured an all-dutch final in the atp's "600,000" dollar event here sunday when he beat omar camporese of italy "6-3," 7-5. authorities arrested a close aide to indonesia's most-wanted "terrorist," police said "sunday," shooting the suspect in the leg as he tried to escape a raid on his hide-out. a car bomb claimed by dissident republican paramilitaries cast a cloud monday over the transfer of key powers from london to northern ireland. billy wilder's death on wednesday snuffed out the last of cinema's great austro-german "brigade," a generation of filmmakers who brought to hollywood a style and a set of attitudes we still feel even if we can't quite place the names. murnau was the poetic "one," von stroheim in the a bangladeshi with the same nickname as a murder suspect was mistakenly tried and given the death sentence for a crime he did not "commit," his lawyers told a court wednesday. if president bush or vice president dick cheney were ever to be "impeached," their foes could cite this independence day as a milestone -- the day that the nation's first ``impeachment headquarters'' opened its doors. negotiators for hollywood actors and producers were meeting saturday in an eleventh-hour effort to reach a new contract and avert what could be a crippling walkout for the tv and movie industry. human rights group amnesty international (ai) said monday that it had sent a second delegation to israel on a fact-finding mission to investigate violent clashes in israel and the occupied territories.   
56 rangers took another step towards retaining their seventh successive premier league title by earning a point from a hard fought 1-jan draw at third-placed hibernian. russia has accepted a u.s. request that a russian bank help end a stalemate over frozen north korean funds that has halted progress in the north's nuclear "disarmament," a news report said sunday. togo striker emmanuel adebayor is desperate to fire manchester city into the champions league as he tries to erase the awful memories of his country's african nations cup tragedy. i don't begrudge bill murray for wanting to play golf for free -- "unless," of "course," it comes at great cost to me. ``the sweet spot'' is far too grave a cost. us secretary of state condoleezza rice arrived in the pakistani capital islamabad wednesday for talks with military ruler president pervez "musharraf," a key ally in washington's war on terror. howell m. estes "jr.," an air force four-star general who led the command that flew cargo to u.s. forces during the vietnam "war," died july 2 at his home in "bethesda," md. he was 92 and had a heart ailment. chet "atkins," whose guitar style influenced a generation of rock musicians even as he helped develop an easygoing country style to compete with "it," died saturday. he was 77 a former belgian businessman launched a lobby group in brussels monday in bid to promote liberalization in europe's postal sector.                  
57 richard krajicek ensured an all-dutch final in the atp's "600,000" dollar event here sunday when he beat omar camporese of italy "6-3," 7-5. the iraqi high tribunal said sunday it will issue a verdict in two weeks in the trial of saddam hussein's cousin known as """chemical" "ali""" and other former regime officials who face a possible death sentence if convicted of war crimes and crimes against humanity for their roles in sudan's national election commission said on monday it was extending voting for two days after logistical problems marred the beginning of the country's first competitive elections in 24 years. residents of refugee camps in lebanon boiled with anger friday over the israeli siege of palestinian president yasser arafat's compound in ramallah and their leader vowed that they would strike at israelis and americans around the world if arafat was harmed. british prime minister tony blair's spokesman said wednesday a surprise announcement by italy that it would begin to withdraw its troops from iraq had been """misinterpreted""." the rev. laurence "mancuso," a founder of the new skete monastery near "albany," "n.y.," who helped establish the monks' unusual ministry of breeding and training german shepherd "dogs," has died. he was 72 mauricio "gugelmin," whose 2001 season has included the death of a son and a frightening "crash," got a lucky break saturday and won his first pole in four years at the rainy marconi grand prix of cleveland. u.n. secretary-general kofi annan monday recommended the establishment of a post at the assistant secretary-general level for
58 a former mexican deputy attorney general whose brother was assassinated last year was arrested in the united states for currency "violations," authorities said saturday. israeli aircraft struck at militant targets in gaza city in predawn airstrikes "sunday," hours after palestinian gunmen breached israel's heavily fortified gaza border and clashed with israeli troops in an unsuccessful attempt to capture a soldier. sudan's national election commission said on monday it was extending voting for two days after logistical problems marred the beginning of the country's first competitive elections in 24 years. a failure by security workers to stop a passenger who triggered a metal detector at logan international airport friday forced several flight delays and the evacuation of 300 travelers from the united air lines concourse in a breach that is becoming a common occurrence at airports throughout the "country," pakistan president pervez musharraf will visit india on april 17 to watch a cricket match and also hold talks with indian prime minister manmohan "singh," an indian government spokesman said wednesday. in the latest of a series of discrimination verdicts against the los angeles fire "department," a jury this week awarded $6.20  million to a woman firefighter who claimed she was harassed because she is black and a lesbian. leftist rebels freed 32 government police and soldiers on saturday as part of an ongoing prisoner release that many believe could help end colombia's decades-old civil conflict. an israeli airport authority official confirmed monday afternoon that israel had closed again the gaza international "airport," four days after it
59 michael andretti won his 28th career indy-car pole position here "saturday," capturing the top spot for sunday's miami indy-car grand prix. talks on the future status of kosovo must have the goal of """certain" "independence,""" u.s. president george w. bush said "sunday," reiterating washington's support for eventual statehood for the serbian province. oil prices diverged on monday after spiking early on in reaction to a weaker dollar and signs of improved chinese demand for "crude," analysts said. president bush used his power to make appointments during congressional recesses on friday to name a young black lawyer who is a vocal critic of preferences for minorities to be head of the office of civil rights in the department of education. italy team manager marco bollesan believes the azzurri have taken a step forward in their "development," despite suffering four consecutive defeats in the six nations. when the sun sinks behind the palm and mango "trees," candlelight flickers throughout a tiny village of thatched huts where about 100 xavante indians live. the u.s. soccer team hasn't had any success playing soccer in "mexico," and american coach bruce arena knows his players will have a tough time bucking that trend. the ugandan government loses 20 billion uganda shillings (about 12 million u.s. dollars) annually due to smuggled petroleum products into the "country," the new vision newspaper reported on monday.                             
60 football's law-makers revealed here on saturday they are to experiment with 'time-outs' at a fifa tournament within the next 12 months. taliban militants fired rockets near president hamid karzai in an apparent assassination attempt in central afghanistan on "sunday," but the missiles fell short and no one was "hurt," officials and witnesses said. us president barack obama gathered world leaders at a 47-nation summit "monday," aiming to deprive terror groups of nuclear weapons and warning of a grave and growing threat to the planet. it is the ``football school'' here; the school with multiple national championships in that sport played in the fall and in the spring and talked about all the time; the school where the wins come sweeping off the plains in the resurgence of a program under the guidance of india and the united states called wednesday for a return to multi-party democracy in "nepal," saying the seizure of power in the himalayan outpost by king gyanendra was a """setback""" for the region. as it is for many "soldiers," being injured in iraq was a life-changing experience for army 2nd lt. christian labra. yasser arafat held informal talks with israeli foreign minister shimon "peres," the palestinian leader's first meeting with a member of israel's government since ariel sharon was elected prime minister in february. south africa and belarus signed an agreement on trade and economic co-operation between the two countries in pretoria on "monday," reported south african press association.             
61 michael andretti won his 28th career indy-car pole position here "saturday," capturing the top spot for sunday's miami indy-car grand prix. talks on the future status of kosovo must have the goal of """certain" "independence,""" u.s. president george w. bush said "sunday," pressing washington's case for statehood for the serbian province. the pilots of a plane that crashed and killed poland's president had received explicit weather warnings before they attempted to land at a fog-bound russian "airport," russian investigators said on monday. a team of american law enforcement and intelligence officials stormed several houses in pakistan early thursday and captured five taliban fighters and 25 arabs suspected of having links to "al-qaida," senior pakistani law enforcement officials said on friday. more than 500 suspected paedophiles who lured their victims over the internet have been arrested in 12 countries in europe and latin "america," spanish police coordinating the operation said wednesday. robin williams used to be "good," in some very good movies. for more than a decade and a "half," he starred in films that were both popular and critically praised: ``the world according to "garp,''" ``the fisher "king,''" ``mrs. "doubtfire,''" ``dead poets "society,''" ``good "morning," vietnam.'' a mother charged with drowning her five children in a bathtub told family members from jail that she thinks the devil is in "her," her brother said. """i" am willing to give you all that i know about the procurement matters in my organization in this limited "time,""" said "fathers," when he patiently answered each question.   
62 nantes put their midweek european misadventure behind them and made french football history on saturday when they stretched their unbeaten season to 28 matches after beating nice 1-feb at home. the prime minister said sunday his government will take full responsibility for the expulsion of hundreds of ethnic minority tamils from the sri lankan "capital," after rights groups and donors warned the move would heighten tensions in the wartorn nation. cyprus president demetris christofias said on monday that he is not willing to resume un-brokered peace negotiations from scratch if a hardliner wins turkish cypriot elections on sunday. us forces have quietly begun an intense reconnaissance operation that could presage another major operation here in the mountains of eastern "afghanistan," a top local military leader "said," in an area where osama bin laden may have been sighted two weeks ago. indian share prices closed flat wednesday with the market sidelined ahead of company earnings for the march "quarter," dealers said. july 11 is world population "day," observed by the united nations to focus attention on the ever-increasing number of people on earth. the date coincides with the arrival of the planet's 5 billionth inhabitant -- said to be matej "gaspar," born in 1987 in "zagreb," yugoslavia (now croatia). world canadians like to joke about how little their southern neighbors know about "canada," but a new survey suggests a lack of knowledge also exists north of the border. more than 200 university "presidents," and professors from 100 colleges of higher learning across the taiwan straits today
63 president ernesto zedillo called saturday for a """new" "democracy""" in "mexico," and said the country's political and economic woes should be a stimulus for reforming the country's institutions. a newspaper reported sunday that a british company was closed after being caught in an apparent attempt to sell black-market weapons-grade uranium to iran and sudan. former us president jimmy carter who is in sudan monitoring the country's landmark elections said on monday there was little doubt that the three days of polling will have to be extended. the medical experts were faced with a tough choice. they had reason to believe that an infectious disease might strike "americans," killing many thousands. an epidemic could be prevented with a "vaccine," but almost no one was immunized. should the nation stockpile "vaccine," wait for the illness to strike the european union insisted wednesday that its """door" remains "open""" to croatia despite an expected decision to delay starting accession talks due to a standoff over a key war crimes suspect. paul degeorge loves harry potter. "well," everybody loves harry. but paul degeorge loves him so much that he started writing songs about harry potter. so much that he started writing songs as harry potter. and named his band harry and the potters. and dressed like harry potter. "and," when joe heitzler wants cart to speed up and get to where it can go wheel to wheel with nascar _ on television. christopher "fathers," the procurement officer with the united nations development "program," was the most popular figure at today's
64 france's fabrice benichou had his world featherweight title hopes seriously dented here saturday night when he fought a draw with britain's late substitute billy hardy over ten rounds. maritime officials said sunday they were hopeful of freeing a "40,000" ton coal freighter that became stuck on a sand bank in stormy "seas," prompting fears of an oil spill. former us president jimmy carter who is in sudan monitoring the country's landmark elections said on monday there was little doubt that polling will have to be extended. there were two contradictory images of israeli prime minister ariel sharon to choose from friday in trying to figure out where the latest twist in the middle east conflict is headed. more than 500 suspected paedophiles who lured their victims over the internet have been arrested in 12 countries in europe and latin "america," spanish police coordinating the operation said wednesday. every serious music buff has a secret love. the unmanageable "kind," as expressed in doris day's hit of that name: a passion that lives in the heart of you and grows impatient to be free but awaits those moments when the whole unfurling won't be too darn embarrassing. tari phillips scored 16 points and the new york liberty held the orlando miracle scoreless over the final 2 2-jan minutes in a 72-60 victory saturday. the southeastern university of science and technology development park "company," the first shareholding company of its kind in "china," was set up here today.          
65 peter jacobsen blew away most of field and then blew out the candles on his birthday cake. but he could not escape the 'shark'. oman suffered severe water shortages sunday as crews and volunteers worked to clean up and repair damage after cyclone gonu inundated the capital with floodwater and mud. us stocks edged higher monday as investors await the unofficial kickoff of the quarterly earnings season and digest the european bailout plan for debt-stricken greece. the state department has concluded that its strategy to persuade peasant farmers in colombia to replace their coca fields with legal crops is "failing," administration officials said on friday. foreign leaders meeting in jerusalem to inaugurate israel's new holocaust museum on wednesday pledged to fight anti-semitism and keep alive the memory of the horrors of the nazi genocide. pity the musical comedy fan. for "years," weird al yankovic was the highest-profile parodist on the "scene," and not until the jack black-kyle gass duo tenacious d came along did ``mock rock'' gain any kind of traction in today's irony-drenched culture. mauricio "gugelmin," whose 2001 season has included the death of a son and a frightening "crash," got a lucky break saturday and won his first pole in four years at the rainy marconi grand prix of cleveland. "fu," who is also a member of the central military "commission," made the remarks here today in talks with le van "dung," chief of general staff of the vietnamese armed forces.            
66 top defense officials of "britian," "france," germany and the united states met saturday to discuss the military ramifications of the planned withdrawal of un peacekeepers from croatia. a philippine passenger ferry with 260 people on board caught fire south of manila on "sunday," leaving at least five "dead," coast guard officials said. indonesian police killed a suspected terrorist wanted for the """mutilations""" of students and arrested four others during two raids in aceh province on "monday," a senior officer said. condemned to life in prison for "treason," wagner aponte was once resigned to spending the rest of his days behind "bars," like hundreds of others imprisoned for joining rebel groups that waged war against the government during a 20-year conflict. us secretary of state condoleezza rice displayed a swift grasp of the intricacies of india-pakistan ties on wednesday by jumping on the bandwagon of cricket diplomacy. hip-hop for kids can be pandering or "preachy," an iffy proposition. the "figureheads," a wisconsin-based trio with a child and teen "focus," manage to sound like the real "thing," despite the group's near-missionary drive to reach kids with words of affirmation and hope. pinch-hitter pedro feliz drove in two runs with an eighth-inning single as the san francisco giants rallied to win in barry bonds' "absence," beating the st. louis cardinals 2-may saturday. the leaders of the two countries agreed that china and france will hold a series of cultural activities in each other's country to promote the mutual understanding between the two peoples and enhance "cultural," science and
67 a victory over the world's top-ranked player is always sweet and there was no hiding her elation when natasha zvereva of belarus beat arantxa sanchez "7-5," 3-jun in the semi-finals of the wta's "430,000-dollar" evert cup here saturday. lm ericsson "ab," the world's largest wireless network "maker," said sunday it had signed a us$1 billion (euro750 million) framework deal with china mobile communication corp. to supply core and network equipment for gsm coverage expansion. the father of a radical islamic cleric in yemen who is on a washington hit list has said his son would stop anti-us messages if taken off the "list," al-jazeera television reported monday. amid the shaky economy of the last couple of "years," housing has emerged as the central pillar of support. the market for housing has become less volatile and less prone to oversupply than before; it has also become the federal reserve's main lever for reviving the economy. an airplane with 45 people on board crashed during landing and caught fire wednesday in russia's extreme "north," the interfax news agency reported. on march "16," "2003," a bulldozer powered by the israeli defense forces on the gaza strip lowered its blades and rumbled into motion -- and a young american protester was crushed to death. chet "atkins," whose guitar style influenced a generation of rock musicians even as he helped develop an easygoing country style to compete with "it," died saturday. he was 77 "meanwhile," the international community is facing an increase in global "problems," the two presidents "said," adding
68 one palestinian died and a second was wounded late saturday when israeli soldiers fired on their car close to the jewish settlement of netzarim on the autonomous gaza "strip," hospital officials and witnesses said. iran has condemned a g-8 warning that it could face more sanctions over its controversial nuclear "program," the country's official islamic republic news agency reported. russian president dmitry medvedev warned in an interview monday that he could walk away from a nuclear disarmament treaty signed last week if a us missile defense program in europe creates """imbalance.""" undercutting the bush administration's case for oil drilling in the arctic national wildlife refuge in "alaska," a federal study released on friday said that such drilling could harm "caribou," snow "geese," musk oxen and other wildlife. british prime minister tony blair insisted on wednesday that there was no deadline for britain or italy to withdraw their troops from iraq. somewhere in "germany," rich guys are geschwinging around in their "400-hp," mega-dollar mercedes-benz slk 55 amg black "series," the excessively excessive version of the company's yar little roadster. and "yet," for reasons that remain mysterious "(well," i suppose i could "ask)," mercedes elected not to bring the first creation greg maddux pitched eight strong innings saturday and brian jordan and mark derosa drove in two runs apiece as the atlanta braves beat the new york mets 5-2. huang "ju," secretary of the shanghai municipal committee of the communist party of china "(cpc)," briefed the guests on shanghai's economic development and urban construction during a meeting
69 south africa collapsed to 239 for seven wickets before lunch on the second day of the centenary cricket test match against new zealand here sunday after resuming on an overnight total of 153 for three. a shooting in a house in southern wisconsin left six people "dead," and a 2-year-old girl was found in a nearby vehicle with a gunshot wound to the "chest," police said sunday. hundreds of students clashed with police in niger's capital niamey on monday during a demonstration calling for better conditions in the african country's schools and colleges. here's how bad things are for the democrats. during the last town meeting of liberals that still convenes on network television _ hollywood's oscar ceremony _ no "one," not even the tag team of barbra streisand and robert "redford," had so much as a mildly critical word to say the african union (au) will send monitors to observe zimbabwe's march 31 legislative elections to be held under intense international scrutiny amid deep concerns the poll will not be free and "fair," an au official said wednesday. the recent real estate frenzy marked a return to salton city's roots half a century ago. founder m. penn phillips is little-remembered "today," but he was one of the great california dreamers. the state's swelling "population," he "believed," would find haven in the desert. jack nicklaus had an eagle and two birdies over the last five holes and was the leader in the clubhouse in the third round of the u.s. senior open when thunder and
70 a world war ii-vintage harvard aircraft crashed on a training flight saturday in southeastern "england," killing the pilot and seriously injuring the "co-pilot," who was his "son," police reported. the prime minister said sunday his government will take full responsibility for the expulsion of hundreds of ethnic minority tamils from the sri lankan "capital," after rights groups and donors warned the move would heighten tensions in the war-torn nation. employees at a carlsberg warehouse on the outskirts of copenhagen returned to work "monday," ending a five-day strike over a decision to cut their daily ration of free "beer," their union said. with his peace initiative looking "forlorn," crown prince abdullah of saudi arabia warned friday that no strike against yasser arafat would stop palestinian violence while several arab governments braced to contain popular outrage over the israeli incursion into ramallah. two separate landmine blasts in western afghanistan wednesday killed a us soldier and at least three "civilians," officials "said," a day before us secretary of state condoleezza rice was due to visit. for "decades," the american woman was faithful to pants. a few years ago she started flirting again with skirts. "now," almost a century after hemlines started rising off the "floor," she is back in the arms of the dress. jack nicklaus had an eagle and two birdies over the last five holes and was the leader in the clubhouse in the third round of the u.s. senior open when thunder and lightning forced the last 14 golfers from the course on saturday. hong
71 south africa collapsed to 239 for seven wickets before lunch on the second day of the centenary cricket test match against new zealand here sunday after resuming on an overnight total of 153 for three. a meat supplier has greatly expanded a ground beef "recall," which now includes about 5.7 million pounds (2.59 million kilograms) of fresh and frozen meat that may be contaminated with e. coli. the royal shakespeare company gave romeo and juliet an interactive modern makeover on monday with the bard's classic lines replaced by twitter messages such as """jules" is over and "out!!!""." public pressure succeeded in getting a significant start to full campaign finance reform enacted and signed into law last week. public pressure will be needed to build on that reform so american democracy has citizens rewarding merit rather than insiders flocking to the rich and powerful. pakistan president pervez musharraf will visit india on april 17 to watch a cricket match and also hold talks with indian prime minister manmohan "singh," an indian government spokesman said wednesday. blake commagere devoted all his time and energy to creating a game in which facebook friends virtually bite one another. the goal of the application is to make zombie characters on profile pages stronger and more powerful with every bite. commagere's goal is also to make "money," although facebook a tourist bus from minnesota carrying about 45 teens and adults overturned near the summit of a mountain pass saturday "afternoon," injuring about 35 people. zhang spoke positively of the sino-vietnamese "friendship,"
72 striking baseball players and club owners made new proposals here saturday but only made each other mad and showed a wide gap between the two sides on day 205 of the walkout. three soldiers were killed this week and another seven injured in a bomb attack in eastern algeria attributed to al-qaida's north africa "affiliate," news reports said sunday. prosecutors in zimbabwe said monday they have dropped grain-hoarding charges against roy "bennett," a top aide of prime minister morgan tsvangirai. hoping to prove "that," given enough "rope," employees won't hang "themselves," charles schwab & co. has released a new study showing that 401(k) plan participants who can invest in virtually anything through a ``brokerage window'' behave soberly. forty-nine people were killed wednesday after a plane they were in crashed and caught fire as it attempted to land in russia's far "north," a spokesman for the transportation ministry in moscow told afp. before tony soprano or don corleone or tony montana there was lucky luciano -- the real-life patriarch of modern organized crime. cristie kerr and lorie kane turned in "solid," error-free rounds saturday and shared the lead at 9-under-par 133 heading into the final round of the shoprite lpga classic. prodi said that the two sides should establish a close relationship in terms of the "economy," trade and "politics," and they should become even more important and cooperative partners to each other.                       
73 zaire has pledged to expel a hutu extremist leader suspected of masterminding cross-border raids against burundi's tutsi-dominated "army," former burundian foreign minister cyprien mbonimpa said sunday. pollsters say president nicolas sarkozy's camp won first round of french legislative "election," with around 46 percent of vote to 37 percent for opposition left. australian authorities monday successfully refloated a chinese ship which had leaked tonnes of oil and threatened a major environmental disaster when it grounded on a shoal on the great barrier reef. muhammad "akhras," a palestinian construction "foreman," thought he knew his 18-year-old "daughter," "ayat," as well as anyone. but on friday he was devastated to learn the truth. us president george w. bush on wednesday welcomed the opening of iraq's new 275-member national assembly as """a" bright "moment""" in that country's evolution towards democracy. ever since my brother taught me how to baste brisket in a converted oil drum in the side yard of my west texas childhood "home," i've been a barbecue fan. and for "barbecue," i've always abided by the purist's definition: low and "slow," with the temperature hovering between 200 a startling sight appeared at a sandinista national liberation front rally this weekend: an american flag _ not "burning," but waving alongside the party's own black-and-red banner. the ethiopian business community monday urged the state-owned ethiopian shipping lines ( esl) to improve services to become competent in the international market.                     
74 prime minister edouard balladur overruled his foreign minister alain juppe this weekend over the closure of six french embassies and 15 "consulates," in an apparent political tussle linked to forthcoming elections. lawmakers on sunday called for the parliament speaker to step down after bitter argument between him and another member of parliament earlier on the day. the head of the international air transport association (iata) has called for more tie-ups in the airline industry as the struggling sector braces for rising oil prices. it may be the ultimate act for the nation's legions of civil war "re-enactors," those buffs in uniform who worshipfully trek the old battlegrounds from fort sumter to appomattox: they can now buy a burial plot in a new cemetery being carved from the hallowed earth of the battle two separate landmine blasts in western afghanistan wednesday killed a us soldier and at least five "civilians," officials "said," a day before us secretary of state condoleezza rice was due to visit. more than 40 publishers refused to publish ``a wrinkle in time'' when madeleine l'engle wrote it. many thought that no one would read a fantasy book with a girl as one of the heroes. "(remember," this was before hermione's time!) fox news channel is anything but fair and balanced when it comes to political "guests," a watchdog group has charged. the nigerian government has put in place a lot of incentives to spur the inflow of foreign investment to the country's promising gas "industry," said nigerian vice president atiku abubakar on
75 chinese vice premier zou jiahua met western australia's premier richard court here sunday for talks on bilateral "trade," the xinhua news agency said. voters resoundingly endorsed president nicolas sarkozy's plans to overhaul france's economy on "sunday," giving his party a commanding lead in the first round of elections for "parliament," polling agencies said. the us airbase in kyrgyzstan vital to military operations in afghanistan has resumed full "operations," the us embassy said "monday," after unrest caused suspension of troop transport flights. outgunned and "outspent," the mexican government is nonetheless scoring striking victories against the drug cartels that have corrupted the country for two decades. swiss police have arrested a french woman who allegedly confessed to the sex-related killing of banker edouard "stern," one of france's richest "men," the judge in charge of the case said wednesday. three men were convicted monday of conspiring to bomb london's public transit system on july "21," 2005 in a failed attempt to duplicate a suicide attack two weeks earlier that killed 52 bus and train passengers. doug "weight," the edmonton oilers' top scorer for seven of the last eight "seasons," was traded to the st. louis blues on sunday in a five-player deal. chairman of the tanzanian national electoral commission (nec) lewis makame has underscored the need for international observers to witness the upcoming general elections to have background knowledge on the country's socio-political situation.                        
76 the palestinians on sunday accused israel of freezing talks on extending self-rule and said they would appeal to us secretary of state warren christopher to help revive the negotiations. inmates at the federal prison camp in "otisville," new "york," were stunned by what they saw at the chapel library at the end of may -- hundreds of books had disappeared from the shelves. australian authorities monday successfully refloated a chinese ship which leaked tonnes of oil and threatened a major environmental disaster when it grounded on a shoal on the great barrier reef. rejecting the kind of administrative dominance that the united nations has exercised in east timor and "kosovo," the security council authorized a new mission in afghanistan last week that will leave most of the responsibility for rebuilding the country with its own government. sao tome's former prime minister guilherme posser da costa went on trial wednesday on charges of damaging the state prosecutor's office and attempted assault in relation to a financial scandal. this recipe is adapted from ``the new spanish table'' by anya von bremzen. you may substitute scallops for the monkfish and mussels for the clams. see accompanying box for sources for vialone nano rice. arborio rice may be substituted. a bomb exploded in a crowded movie theater in southern pakistan on "sunday," killing at least one person and injuring 14 a day before local elections opposed by powerful ethnic groups. tom winsor told the privately-owned railtrack that the extra cash should be over and above amounts earmarked for the
77 plo chief yasser arafat and thousands of gaza students demanding revenge attended the funeral sunday of a headmaster who was shot dead in his car near a jewish settlement. the heads of 12 ex-soviet republics met sunday to discuss ways of reforming their loose regional "alliance," but the informal summit only underscored uncertainty over the grouping's future. afghan president hamid karzai on monday condemned nato troops for opening fire on a bus and killing four civilians near the southern city of kandahar. the volunteers and staff at st. bernard's catholic church sat around the living room in the rectory after dinner on thursday "night," giggling. should they short-sheet father mike's bed? israel on wednesday handed over to the palestinian authority (pa) limited security control of jericho but continued to control the northern and southern approaches into the west bank oasis town. this "dish," from los angeles times' test kitchen director donna "deane," was inspired by a recipe from ``chez panisse vegetables.'' israeli troops waged an early morning shootout sunday with palestinian gunmen in the west "bank," killing two militants from the radical hamas movement who were preparing to plant a roadside "bomb," officials said. the display was opened by michael "douglas," one of the united nations """messengers" of "peace,""" together with the u.n. undersecretary-general for public "information," kensaku "hogen," and the u.n. undersecretary-general for disarmament "affairs," jayantha dhanapala.                           
78 snipers wounded a man sunday when they fired at a tram in "sarajevo," bringing the toll for the past week to at least two dead and 15 "wounded," the highest number of casualties here since the start of a truce two months ago. sudanese officials welcomed french foreign minister bernard kouchner on his arrival in khartoum on "sunday," stating they believed france had a role to play in bringing peace to the beleaguered darfur region. two alleged israeli mobsters refused to appear in court for a hearing because they weren't allowed to bring in "coffee," "cookies," sandwiches and "napkins," the haaretz newspaper reported on monday. on "saturday," 3-inch diameter hail fell near dallas as a vigorous disturbance lifted humid air streaming north from the gulf of mexico. the disturbance will press east on "sunday," causing severe storms to threaten the southeast coast. locally heavy rain and damaging winds will occur from georgia to north wales's rugby renaissance has been reflected off the pitch with the welsh rugby union securing financial backing from two new sponsors. this recipe for ferro salad is from fraiche chef-owner jason travi. to blanch the "peas," place them in boiling water until just "tender," about 1 "minute," then immediately place them in an ice bath and drain. doug weight was traded by edmonton to the st. louis blues on sunday in a five-player deal the oilers made because they could not afford their all-star center. the accident happened at around 10:00 a.m. (0900 gmt) when the train from pwllheli to machynlleth
79 lazio striker pierluigi casiraghi and ac milan's marco simone both hit four goals in a goal romp at the top of the italian league on sunday. iraqi legislators called on the controversial parliamentary speaker to step down after an argument broke out between him and a lawmaker -- an incident they apparently took to be the last straw. with bruising criticism of israel and defence of "iran," and onslaughts against turkey's army and "secularists," prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has stoked questions on where he is steering his country. hans christian andersen had a sad childhood and so he wrote stories to make children smile. as fertile as andersen's imagination "was," he couldn't have dreamed up as "dark," yet "redemptive," a fairytale as maryland shooting guard juan dixon's life. iran's top nuclear "negotiator," hassan "rowhani," said on wednesday that iranian nuclear negotiators have definitively and officially told europeans that iran will never accept a permanent halt to its enrichment programme. there is no better way to spend a languid summer evening than by gathering with family or friends on the patio for a supper drawn from a table filled with colorful plates of delicious antipasti. the first installment of the tax cuts signed into law by president bush takes effect "sunday," but only for certain middle- and upper-income taxpayers. for most of "them," the difference amounts to just a few dollars a week. visiting german chancellor gerhard schroeder said on monday that the european union (eu) will be ready to admit new members in 2003
80 belgian wilfried nelissen and france's laurent "jalabert," the victims of a horror fall in the tour de "france," bounced back by taking the first two places of the paris-nice cycling event's opening stage here on sunday. sembene "ousmane," the father of senegalese cinema and one of the pioneers of the art in "africa," died at his home over the weekend after a long illness. he was 84 a memorial service for richard wagner's grandson wolfgang "wagner," who died march 21 aged "90," was the scene of fresh squabbles among the composer's "descendents," german newspapers reported monday. indiana university basketball coach mike davis speaks in measured tones. his voice carries none of the inflections that his predecessor employed to "berate," educate or ingratiate. italy's prime minister silvio berlusconi said wednesday there was """no" "misunderstanding""" with british counterpart tony blair over italy's desire to gradually withdraw its troops from iraq. when the big three sit down later in july to hammer out a contract with "workers," reducing health-care costs is expected to be job 1 for the automakers. carmaker fiat spa said sunday its board had approved a plan to turn the group's energy assets over to a new company that may buy a large stake in italian energy conglomerate montedison spa. the study for reader's digest magazine found 63 percent thought too much was done to assist asylum seekers in britain.                         
81 china will post a budget deficit of 66.68 billion yuan (7.8 billion dollars) in "1995," up 4.5 percent from last "year," finance minister liu zhongli announced monday. pakistan's prime minister said he expects president pervez musharraf to secure another five years in office this fall in spite of turmoil over his bid to fire the chief justice. europe's main stock markets rallied at the start of trading on monday after debt-hit greece was handed a massive rescue package. los angeles - as the los angeles dodgers prepare to open the season "tuesday," they find themselves to be strangers in their own "town," according to no less an authority than los angeles magazine. the wherefores are detailed in the april issue in a highly readable article beginning on it was a grand reunion of sorts on wednesday for the brothers-in-arms that fought saddam hussein's regime tooth-and-nail until his statue came tumbling down in baghdad's ferdous square almost two years ago. beyond the imposing stone and mortar structures on the national mall is the real "washington," d.c. -- a city of neighborhoods. one is dupont "circle," a thriving area north of downtown where "cafes," "shops," galleries and pricey residential property have made the region one of the district's most popular former chilean dictator gen. augusto pinochet was admitted to a military hospital on sunday with an acute dental infection that required emergency "surgery," the hospital reported. a group of more than 300 chinese and overseas journalists today wound up a six-day trip to east china's zhejiang province.
82 scorecard at tea on the third day of the centenary cricket test between south africa and new zealand here monday. it's the ultimate in one-stop shopping: a place to pick up "advice," get your aura "cleansed," or find the right herbs to flush out both evil spirits and your colon. europe's main stock markets rallied at the start of trading on monday after debt-hit greece was handed a massive rescue package. the best guard tandems in the country will match up at the alamodome as oklahoma seniors stacey dales and laneishea caufield face connecticut senior sue bird and sophomore diana taurasi. british prime minister tony blair wednesday played down remarks by his italian counterpart on possibly withdrawing italy's troops from iraq starting in "september," insisting that no date has been set. we see terrorist attacks at "airports," record airline delays and bankruptcies among travel providers. no wonder people are buying so much travel insurance. a father stabbed his three young "boys," killing "two," before he was shot and killed by police as the distraught mother looked on outside a locked window. the maintenance and development of china-dprk friendship is in the fundamental interests of the peoples of the two "countries," and is also significant in safeguarding peace and stability on the korean peninsula and the world at large.                                     
83 china will post a budget deficit of 66.68 billion yuan (7.8 billion dollars) in "1995," up 4.5 percent from last "year," finance minister liu zhongli announced "monday," highlighting the """very" "serious""" state of the country's finances. the """cancer""" of corruption must be eradicated from thailand if the country is ever to become a thriving "democracy," the military-installed prime minister said. iran has hanged three men convicted of drug trafficking in a prison in the central city of "isfahan," fars news agency reported on monday. the guy wanted to coach the alma "mater," and a lot of people thought he was nothing more than a foolish dreamer. palestinian officials renewed calls wednesday for israel to stop building its west bank security "barrier," as one minister made the revival of peace talks conditional on a halt to the project. the poet and novelist michael ondaatje -- born in sri "lanka," reared in "england," based in toronto -- seems as unstuck in "time," as well as "space," as any contemporary writer. his books are filled with period detail and are set all over the "place," and sometimes only obliquely an american diplomat landed in macedonia on sunday and called on political leaders to work harder to end a conflict with ethnic albanian rebels who have reportedly seized new villages and forced slav civilians out. iran's security forces seized some "1,172" kilograms of illicit drugs in the southern fars province in the past "week," the islamic republic news agency reported on tuesday.       
84 the european union and turkey are to conclude a customs agreement later monday that has been under discussion for more than 30 years and blocked since the 1980s by greece. when moviemakers wanted to film """peyton" "place""" in this small seaside "town," the best-selling novel the movie was to be based on was so scandalous the local library didn't even keep it on its shelves. health experts on monday begin examining the controversial response to the first influenza pandemic of the 21st "century," nearly a year after global alarm was raised over the new swine flu strain. certain things retain a familiar look over the course of a lifetime. the morton salt box. the heinz ketchup bottle. the dollar bill. the front page of the wall street journal. world oil prices soared wednesday to a new record high above 56 dollars in new york after falls to us crude "stockpiles," and despite a move by opec to hike its output quota with immediate "effect," dealers said. transcendence is a word often used to describe the poetry of charles wright. inside his "lyric," there resides a world well beyond the ordinary. its compass points are unmistakable -- the reflection of the sky on the surface of a "pond," a sunset spreading over a distant "ridgeline," a u.s. rep. stephanie tubbs jones on sunday ruled out a run for "mayor," saying that she wants to remain in washington. south africa's opposition inkatha freedom party (ifp) tuesday expressed indignation over the brutal killing of a senior member of
85 japanese businessmen on monday called on the united states and other "countries," including "japan," to take stronger action to support the dollar as the currency tumbled to a new post-war low of 92.7 yen. one day paris hilton is screaming for her mommy as she is handcuffed and taken to jail in a reckless driving case. the "next," she is the model of "magnanimity," saying she would not appeal her 45-day sentence and that she is """learning" and "growing""" from her time behind australian officials raced against the clock on monday to refloat a massive chinese ship which grounded and leaked oil at the great barrier reef before high winds and heavy seas rock the region. the treasury's schedule of financing this week includes monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and the auction of a four-week bill on tuesday. us president george w. bush said wednesday that the united states and its european allies would seek un security council action against iran if tehran rejected incentives to limit its nuclear programs. you don't have to know the history of detective fiction to enjoy australian writer michael robotham's vibrant and contemporary new "mystery," ``the night "ferry,''" which is how it should be. joe "sakic," patrick roy and rob blake _ three stars who helped colorado win the stanley cup _ re-signed with the "avalanche," with sakic's deal among the richest in the nhl. six new ebola deaths have been reported with five newly-affected admitted to hospital in the past 24 fours in
86 russian forces dug into positions less than two kilometres (one mile) outside the chechen separatist stronghold of achkoy-martan on monday and pounded the small town with heavy artillery. india's top real estate "company," dlf "ltd.," began taking orders from investors monday for its initial public offering of shares in what will likely be india's biggest ipo ever. manchester city manager roberto mancini believes the race for fourth place in the premier league is now between his team and tottenham. all the sidewalks here are new. every "september," the town throws a picnic with fireworks. all the trash is picked up and the streets are "swept," free of charge to the town or its residents. around christmas the town sends each homeowner a ``property improvement allocation'' of "$1,500.00 " no a california judge wednesday sentenced a young salesman to death for murdering his pregnant wife and their unborn "child," following one of the most publicised trials in us history. barack obama has the teachers cheering. the national education association is meeting "here," and obama -- like the democratic candidates who have spoken before him -- is telling the crowd everything it wants to hear. united airlines is abandoning its $4.30  billion purchase of us airways because it is convinced the merger won't win regulatory "approval," published reports said. china's interbank money market turnover totaled 255.4 billion yuan in "september," an increase of 18.6 percent over the previous "month," according to the shanghai- based china interbank trade system.          
87 the russian administrator for "chechnya," nikolai "semyonov," was involved in a road accident sunday in the chechen capital "grozny," itar-tass news agency reported "monday," quoting russian military authorities in the caucasus. the nikkei stock average of 225 issues closed at "17,834.48" points on the tokyo stock exchange "monday," up "55.39," or 0.31 "percent," from friday. martell webster drained three free throws with 3.1 seconds remaining sunday as portland edged the los angeles lakers 91-88 to improve their position heading into the nba playoffs. mo vaughn drove up to shea stadium on sunday morning as the rain "subsided," taking the opportunity to survey his new but familiar surroundings. the house of representatives on wednesday overwhelmingly approved president george w. bush's request for 81 billion dollars for military operations in iraq and "afghanistan," by a vote of 388 to 43 four men who tried to bomb the london public transit system on july "21," "2005," were sentenced to life in prison on wednesday. baltimore orioles_purchased the contract of rhp john wasdin from rochester of the international league. optioned rhp jay spurgeon to rochester. designated of eugene kingsale for assignment. the german-based company "bayer," one of the world's leading chemical "companies," recently established a research and development center (r&d) in shanghai.                                               
88 a man was shot dead and fifteen others injured when zimbabwean policemen clashed with citizens rioting in protest against alleged ritual murders by a local "businessman," police said monday. philippine troops searched for a kidnapped italian priest monday in a rebel-infested southern region where his catholic group vowed to stay despite a history of abductions and killings of its missionaries. brian boucher stopped a backhand by olli jokinen to lift philadelphia to a 1-feb shootout win over new york that locked up the flyers' playoff spot on the final day of the season. it's almost "absurd," this idea of making the case for alex rodriguez's inclusion in baseball's sacrosanct hall of fame at some point in the future. opec countries decided wednesday to raise their oil production ceiling from 27 to 27.5 million barrels per day (bpd) and consider a further raise in "quotas," but the move failed to stop volatile markets from pushing crude to record highs. the rumors waft along the "boardwalk," floating from the lips of gossipy "locals," strong as the scent of ketchup and sauerkraut on frankfurters under the scorching brooklyn sun. didyahear? the rides may soon be closing. "see," the "go-karts," they're already gone. what's that you say? they're going to knock the new american envoy to "macedonia," seeking to jump start a peace plan that faltered two weeks "ago," met monday with president boris trajkovski amid reports of fresh rebel mortar fire. fu "quanyou," chief of general staff of the chinese people's liberation "army," held talks today with santiago
89 the dollar clawed its way back from new lows in tokyo on monday as the bank of japan stepped in with heavy support buying amid fresh fears that a stronger yen would stall the nation's economic recovery. about "5,000" australians who evacuated their houses to avoid being swept away by rising floodwaters were allowed to return home "monday," while others downstream braced for the approaching torrent. japanese share prices opened higher on "monday," with the benchmark nikkei-225 index rising 96.45 "points," or 0.86 "percent," to "11,300.79" in the first minute of trading. they have a cause. having been there before and not won "it," and pretty much having the same team back gives you a desire to get back and win it all. the key is knowing how to handle yourself when you get to the final four. that's what they us secretary of state condoleezza rice told pakistan's military ruler president pervez musharraf wednesday night that the united states supports pakistan's move toward free "elections," a state department spokesman said. kent island is a great respite from the hustle of its nearby "cities," but you still have to cross that chesapeake bay bridge when you come to it. hollywood actors and producers made progress during their first day of negotiations after the old contract expired that would avoid an industry-crippling strike. california officials said monday they had seized marijuana plants valued at a record 1.3 billion u.s. dollars so far this year.            
90 iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas killed a pro-israeli militiaman and wounded two others in a bomb attack on monday in south "lebanon," israeli and hezbollah sources reported. u.s. president george w. bush faces new questions about u.s. plans to build a europe-based missile defense system on monday from bulgarian "leaders," who believe their loyalty in iraq should be rewarded with the protection of the rocket shield. amnesty international urged european nations monday to stop using diplomatic assurances to send foreigners back to states that use "torture," saying they """cannot" be "trusted""" to protect them from abuse. hark back to a december day in 1988 winter baseball meetings at a hotel in atlanta. the rangers' general "manager," tom "grieve," announces a trade. i didn't call the office back in texas and scream ``stop the presses.'' former democratic presidential candidate senator john kerry called the choice wednesday of top pentagon official paul wolfowitz to helm the world bank """mystifying""," saying it raised questions about washington's commitment to mending relations with estranged allies. iran and the united states remain so far apart on so many issues that they refuse to talk about them. the european union's 20-member executive commission plans to vote tuesday on general electric co.'s $41  billion purchase of honeywell international "inc.," barring any last minute proposals or withdrawal of the "merger," eu officials said monday. a joint campaign has been launched to educate athletes about the danger of "doping," a problem which has been eroding into the sports for the disabled.      
91 share prices fell here early monday as sentiment was hit by the ongoing turmoil in the currency markets following the weekend devaluation of the peseta and the escudo and the continued slide of the "dollar," dealers said. britain's opposition conservative party is calling on parliament on monday to back a formal inquiry into the decision to go to war in iraq. china said tuesday it would not bow to pressure to readjust the value of its yuan "currency," rebuffing a call from us president barack obama who said the currency was undervalued. the rangers believe they have four potential hall of famers on their team. that's three more than they actually have in cooperstown. hall of famers ferguson jenkins and gaylord perry did play for the "rangers," but nolan ryan is the only player to go into the hall of fame norway's reigning world cup nordic skiing champion marit bjoergen won the women's freestyle sprint here wednesday ahead of finnish rivals aino kaisa saarinen and virpi kuitunen. last year justin miloro had to wear long sleeves to conceal the buddha curling around his left forearm and the yellow-orange sun rays on his right. pants covered the depiction of earth on one leg and wings on the other. the sun spreading across his back was under wraps. slobodan milosevic's defense team was mapping plans for tuesday's historic court "appearance," when the former yugoslav president must answer charges stemming from his brutal crackdown against kosovo albanians. the paralympic officials have promised to combat the use of banned
92 south korea's hyundai group signed a deal monday with malaysian international shipping corp. bhd. (misc) to build two tankers at 40 million us dollars each to boost palm oil shipments. at least 25 people were killed monday in mudslides triggered by a heavy monsoon downpour in a hilly southeastern bangladesh port "city," rescue officials said. the nigerian government aims to ensure women get 30 percent of key political positions of "responsibility," up from current eight "percent," women's affairs minister josephine anenih said tuesday. calling yasser arafat ``the enemy of the entire free "world,''" prime minister ariel sharon on sunday declared israel to be in a war. he spoke after a suicide bomber blew himself apart in a restaurant in the seaside city of "haifa," "israel," killing at least 14 other "people," while jewish extremists are plotting to take over a disputed holy site in jerusalem in a bid to sabotage israel's planned withdrawal from "gaza," an israeli television station reported wednesday. in a "rocky," dun landscape dominated by saguaro and prickly "pear," the estuary of the san jose river is an oasis-like explosion of green. a muslim separatist group said monday it was looking into an unconfirmed report that its rebels saw members of the extremist abu sayyaf moving "hostages," including an american the abductors say they beheaded. international labour organization (ilo) will spend about 14 million u.s. dollars in bangladesh during the next two to three years to eliminate worst forms of child labour from the "country," the new nation reported tuesday.  
93 the dollar clawed its way back from new lows in tokyo on monday as the bank of japan stepped in with heavy support buying amid fresh fears that a stronger yen would stall the nation's economic recovery. chinese authorities are investigating the widespread sale of fake blood protein to hospitals and "pharmacies," a practice that deprives patients of a crucial medical "need," state media reported monday. french president nicolas sarkozy pledged tuesday that his country would """spare" no "effort""" in attempts to free two french journalists held hostage by the taliban in afghanistan. this was a furtive easter sunday for foreigners who live "here," with armed police officers guarding church gates and a sermon that spoke of terror and the fear of death. a canadian judge on wednesday acquitted two sikh men of massacring 329 people in a 1985 air india jet "bombing," the worst single airborne terror strike prior to september "11," 2001 the bald eagle may be soaring back from "near-extinction," but hundreds of other imperiled species are "foundering," as the federal agency charged with protecting them has sunk into "legal," bureaucratic and political turmoil. most asian stock markets closed lower "monday," with the key index tumbling in tokyo on back of an economic survey that showed a slump in business confidence in japan. peru's first vice president francisco tudela resigned from his job abruptly on monday and he also announced a break from president alberto fujimori's bloc in congress.             
94 a police shutdown of operators illegally providing access to the internet computer network sparked outrage monday following the weekend raid that cut off some "10,000" people from the international information link. a top south korean envoy departed monday for washington expressing optimism about a breakthrough in the standoff over north korea's nuclear "program," after a report that russia would help resolve a financial dispute that has stymied talks. embattled japanese automaker toyota announced tuesday it was temporarily suspending sales of the 2010 lexus gx 460 after a safety warning by a respected us consumer magazine. the university of connecticut women's basketball team has made winning look easy all season long. it didn't look too easy sunday "night," but it didn't matter. danish authorities moved wednesday to restrict job opportunities for nationals of eastern european countries that joined the eu last "year," in order to avoid so-called """social" "dumping""." late last "month," the cia declassified most of a huge 1973 file known as the ``family "jewels,''" which detailed domestic "spying," assassination plots and numerous cia crimes from the 1950s to the early 1970s. in a speech to the society of historians of american foreign "relations," cia director michael as employees "cheered," comair returned to the skies monday with his first flight since a pilots' strike shut the regional airline down for three months. about one-third of bulgarians favor right-wing "forces," representing market economy and "privatization," according to a survey conducted by the mbmd polling agency.           
95 malaysia will scrutinise a request from britain's balfour beatty for an extra 64 million dollars to complete the controversial pergau dam in malaysia's kelantan state because of construction "problems," a top official said monday. with a thunderous rumble and cloud of dust and "smoke," a suicide car bomb brought down a section of highway bridge south of "baghdad," killing three u.s. soldiers and wounding six from a checkpoint guarding the crossing and blocking traffic on iraq's main north-south artery. the asian development bank on tuesday urged beijing to loosen its grip on its "currency," saying a more flexible exchange rate would benefit china as well as asia-pacific countries. night and day. and that only begins to describe the difference between the celtics' performance sunday afternoon and what happened friday night when they suffered their worst loss of the season. nothing appears to motivate the team more than the "anger," "disappointment," and frustration that follow a poorly played monaco failed to make up ground on runaway league leaders lyon on wednesday with a 0-0 draw at strasbourg which leaves didier deschamps' principality side in fourth position in the french league table. glasses of juice may go down easier and quicker than bowls of "fruit," but if you drink "them," beware. your body is less likely to register the calories they "contain," and you may end up overindulging. the philadelphia museum of art has received $5  million to implement a revolving exhibition of alexander calder sculptures that will last 12 years and involve as many as 15
96 "meanwhile," in an interview with the italian leftist newspaper la repubblica "monday," the country's most celebrated mafia "turncoat," tommaso "buscetta," said the state was not determined enough to completely destroy the cosa nostra. the daughter of a former south korean military ruler formally declared her presidential candidacy "monday," apologizing for those who suffered under her father's rule while promising to resolve the north korea nuclear standoff. us first lady michelle obama paid a surprise visit to haiti "tuesday," witnessing the """powerful""" devastation left in the wake of a massive earthquake three months ago. dane fife occasionally wonders what it would have been like to spend four years at an institution that wasn't a running soap opera in the eyes of the outside world. hezbollah's "leader," hassan "nasrallah," on wednesday rejected a call from us president george w. bush for the shiite movement to "disarm," saying its anti-israeli forces were protecting lebanon. it's come to this: the best hope for this grand experiment in democracy may hinge on the right billionaire coming along to buy his way into the white house. vice president dick cheney returned to work monday with a new heart pacemaker in his chest. he was promoting the energy strategy he assembled for the administration and attending his usual series of white house meetings. a senior official of the democratic people's republic of korea (dprk) hailed the u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright's visit to the dprk as a historic one.            
97 south korea's opposition mps on monday barricaded the speakers of the national assembly in their "homes," whisked two lawmakers out of town and occupied the legislature to prevent the ruling party from ramming through changes to electoral law. china's monthly trade surplus soared 73 percent in may from a year "ago," a state news agency reported "monday," amid u.s. pressure on beijing for action on its yawning trade gap or face possible sanctions. kyrgyzstan is """on" the brink of civil "war,""" russian president dmitry medvedev said tuesday warning the country could be ripped apart by the current political upheaval. in terms of average "age," the core of the oakland athletics pitching staff is 24 in terms of "maturity," its average age is 13 prime minister silvio berlusconi on wednesday confirmed his intention to begin withdrawing italy's troops from iraq within a few "months," but rome assured its allies in the us-led coalition that it would not act unilaterally. taraji p. henson nearly steals the new film ``talk to "me,''" which opens "friday," with her no-holds-barred turn as "vernell," the former stripper girlfriend of ralph waldo ``petey'' greene jr. (don "cheadle)," an ex-con who was a "popular," albeit controversial "dj," tv personality and activist in "washington," "d.c.," in the zanzibar film "festival," the largest cultural event in east "africa," opened in historic venues across the indian ocean archipelago. about one-third of bulgarians favor right-wing "forces," representing market economy and "privatization," according to a survey conducted by the mbmd polling agency.      
98 unidentified gunmen shot dead six "people," including a former provincial "deputy," in the punjab town of "jhang," police here said monday. philippine "troops," helped by a u.s. spy "plane," searched for a kidnapped italian priest monday in a rebel-infested southern region where his catholic group vowed to stay despite a history of abductions and killings of its missionaries. whale meat sold secretly at a sushi restaurant in los angeles and another in seoul can be linked to japanese "whaling," a trade that would breach global rules on protected "species," scientists said wednesday. "anaheim," calif. - when adam kennedy last played at edison "field," he didn't know where he stood with the organization. confused and unhappy about being benched occasionally in favor of benji "gil," "kennedy," a cal state northridge "product," knew he had to win back his starting job at second one of four neo-nazis on trial for plotting to bomb a jewish cultural centre in "munich," southern germany was freed wednesday after admitting he had heard the alleged leader of his group discuss an attack on the centre. as democratic presidential hopeful john edwards ramps up his anti-poverty initiative this "weekend," he will be confronting a deep popularity deficit among his party's poorest voters. washington (ap) "_consumers," not put off by the choppy economy and a rash of "layoffs," shopped up a storm in may. chinese paralympic swimmer zhang yuan was disqualified from the women's 100 meters freestyle s11 heats after no tapper was provided for her "swim," the organizers announced here tuesday. 
99 five members of a humanitarian relief "group," held by the bosnian "serbs," are accused of """collaborating" with the "enemy,""" a un spokesman said here monday. voting kicked off monday for egypt's upper chamber of "parliament," pitting the president's ruling party against the country's powerful islamic opposition "group," which is participating in shura council elections for the first time. us president barack obama tuesday signed an executive order freezing the property in the united states of members of a group of radical islamists """contributing" to the conflict in "somalia.""" during spring "training," astros general manager gerry hunsicker gathered his "scouts," minor-league personnel and other employees in a florida banquet room and thanked them for the extraordinary work they had done the last few years. a recount of namibia's parliamentary elections ended wednesday with officials confirming the original results of the november "polls," which handed victory to the ruling swapo party by a landslide. staying there: don't miss the kent manor inn (500 kent manor "dr.," "410-643-5757," www.kentmanor.com; from $180  per night "double)," a 226-acre farm with beautifully appointed rooms. swim in the "pool," ride the inn's bikes or use its paddle boats. a day after one of its military installations in lebanon was destroyed by israeli "missiles," syria on monday accused israel of wanting war. luo "haocai," vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people's political consultative conference "(cppcc)," met here today with a delegation of the general people's congress (gpc) of libya.           
100 syria on monday poured scorn on the latest israeli peace proposal and urged us secretary of state warren christopher to come armed with fresh ideas on his upcoming middle east shuttle. bush urges libya to free five bulgarian medics held in libya on charges of infecting children with the aids virus. dutch prime minister jan peter balkenende argued at a summit in washington for a new international court to probe nations that provide nuclear material to """terrorists,""" a statement said tuesday. there is a hint of resignation in pedro martinez's words as he prepares to test the mortal limits of his fraying right shoulder monday afternoon against the toronto blue jays in the 2002 red sox season opener. a brazilian bishop on wednesday came out against calls by an influential italian cardinal to boycott best selling thriller """the" da vinci "code.""" ``what a "view,''" my husband said. i had just tucked into my crab cakes at hemingway's waterfront restaurant on kent "island," and the setting sun was shooting pink streaks across the chesapeake bay. costly manufactured goods expected to last at least three "years," such as cars and washing machines _ rose by 1.2 "percent," following a tiny 0.1 percent increase. that was the strongest showing since february. the symposium on china-africa cultural exchanges in the new "century," sponsored by china's ministry of "culture," started this morning in beijing international convention center.                       
101 world and olympic 100m champion linford christie has withdrawn from the indoor world athletics championships in "barcelona," iaaf spokesman christopher winner said on monday. an explosion destroyed a hotel shop in kenya's capital monday "morning," killing one person and injuring at least 31 "others," officials said. embattled japanese automaker toyota announced tuesday it was temporarily suspending sales of the 2010 lexus gx 460 after a respected us consumer magazine warned readers not to buy the suv model. vijay singh walked up the 18th fairway like it was just another sunday stroll along a woodlands "greenbelt," taking it all "in," sharing this breezy day with the fine people of a "proud," tight-knit community. at least 24 people have died in us custody in iraq and afghanistan because of confirmed or suspected "homicides," an army spokeswoman said wednesday. examine susceptible plants for bagworm feeding. the newly hatched mottled "caterpillars," which live in twiggy "cases," can do substantial damage to evergreens such as "arborvitae," "junipers," cypresses and falsecypresses if found in sufficient numbers. while they are "small," "however," they can be controlled with a spray containing "bt," a costly manufactured goods expected to last at least three "years," such as cars and washing machines _ rose by 1.2 "percent," following a tiny 0.1 percent increase. that was the strongest showing since february. three new judges have been named to lead the re-trial of indonesian former president soeharto in the controversial graft case surrounding a series of foundations once chaired by "him," according to spokesman of the jakarta high
102 joint arab proposals to enable the return of palestinians who fled the territories in 1967 are to be put forward to a meeting in "jordan," the plo's chief negotiator said monday. japanese stocks bounced back moderately monday from a heavy sell-off the previous session as investors were cheered by an upward revision in japan's economic growth data and friday's recovery on wall street. nfl star ben roethlisberger met with league commissioner roger goodell tuesday one day after prosecutors said he wouldn't be charged with sexually assaulting a 20-year-old college student. we're back in this area "again," and it certainly won't be the last visit here. i'm not talking about the south. i'm talking about the issues that arise every time a team such as indiana finds itself in a championship game. taiwan's vice president called wednesday for international condemnation of a new chinese law giving legal backing for an invasion of taiwan if it moves toward formal independence. former massachusetts gov. mitt "romney," "r," faced questions about some overeager tactics by his security detail. now questions about security are aimed at fellow gop candidate and former new york mayor rudy giuliani. tensions ran high in "karachi," pakistan's largest "city," as polls opened for local government elections monday following a night of violence that left five people dead. the indonesian government's debt will fall next year to 86 percent of the country's gross domestic product (gdp) from this year's 99 "percent," a senior official said.           
103 a man was shot dead and fifteen others injured when zambian policemen clashed with citizens rioting in protest against alleged ritual murders by a local "businessman," police said monday. u.s. president george w. bush expressed confidence on monday about passing an immigration bill and said a senate vote of no-confidence in alberto gonzales would have no bearing on his service as attorney general. french president nicolas sarkozy announced tuesday in washington that he would visit china later this "month," joined by his "wife," carla bruni-sarkozy. these columns for release "tuesday," april "2," 2002 are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. media and entertainment giant viacom inc. said wednesday it may split into two divisions with one focussing on """growth""" and the "other," more traditional "arm," aiming for """value""." i don't know if ``harry potter and the order of the phoenix'' is a good movie -- i haven't seen it. but i'm pretty certain that it shouldn't be judged as a movie at all. it is a visual representation of a book in which millions of people are two car bombs blew up monday in the working class town of "yehud," just hours after three palestinian militants were killed by missiles fired by an israeli helicopter in a pinpointed attack. australia's farmers should remember rising fuel prices were hitting farmers worldwide and not just "them," deputy prime minister and national party leader john anderson said tuesday.               
104 the devaluation of the spanish peseta and portuguese escudo could increase pressure for a hard core of eu states to move faster to a single currency "but," it also strengthens those seeking to slow down monetary "integration," analysts said monday. an explosion destroyed a hotel shop in kenya's capital monday "morning," killing one person and injuring at least 31 "others," officials said. the union of south american nations will draw up support next month to help chile rebuild after a huge quake that devastated a large swath of the "country," ecuadoran sources said tuesday. sometimes i think i find the slowest lines in the supermarket on purpose. it gives me time to check out the action in the tabloids. general motors roiled the auto sector and financial markets "wednesday," warning that weak sales and stiff "competition," especially in north "america," will mean red ink and a bumpy road for the world's biggest automaker. hamas' rescue of a bbc journalist from his captors in gaza last week was surely cause for rejoicing. but i want to be clear about one thing: we did not deliver up alan johnston as some obsequious boon to western powers. serena williams moved so swiftly through her fourth easy wimbledon victory monday that only the reigning champion _ her sister _ seems primed to stop her. "sofia," october 23 (xinhua) - the union of democratic forces ( udf) will back incumbent president peter "stoyanov," even if he decides to run as an independent candidate in the next presidential "elections," udf leader
105 unidentified gunmen killed six "people," including a former provincial "deputy," in the punjab town of "jhang," police here said monday. u.s. president george w. bush urged libya on monday to free five bulgarian nurses who face the death penalty for allegedly deliberately infecting children with hiv. president barack obama declared the world safer tuesday after a 47-nation summit agreed to a four-year deadline on securing vulnerable nuclear materials from terrorists. it was a dark and stormy night. . . "(well," it was). . . and cincinnati radio was warning northbound motorists that i-75 was due for another hammering. more ice. more snow. more wrecks. liverpool's hopes of a top four finish in the premiership suffered a serious setback on wednesday when they struggled to a goalless draw with blackburn at anfield. president bush on wednesday cut the ribbon on a newly renovated white house press "room," welcoming reporters back to their upgraded quarters after a one-year absence. slobodan milosevic's defense team was mapping plans for tuesday's historic court "appearance," when the former yugoslav president must answer charges stemming from his brutal crackdown against kosovo albanians. world best time holder khalid khannouchi of the united states has indicated he will run in the 2001 london marathon.                                                  
106 militant groups here on monday called on the singaporean government to stay the execution of a filipina maid convicted for "murder," saying she was the victim of a frame-up and was not given due process. afghan officials have arrested seven suspects in connection with an apparent assassination attempt against president hamid "karzai," a government spokesman said monday. president barack obama tuesday called for the world to move """boldly" and "quickly""" on new iran sanctions but admitted the tactic was not a """magic" "wand""" that could alone end tehran's nuclear program. maybe we're getting spoiled. it's not enough that our electronic gadgets do every task we can imagine. we want more. we want them "smaller," "lighter," faster _ and we want them stylish. prosecutors in michael jackson's child sex trial gained momentum wednesday as detectives told of a distraught boy describing his alleged molestation in the superstar's porn-filled bedroom. the former white house political "director," testifying for the first time about the firings of eight u.s. "attorneys," declined wednesday to answer most questions about her role in the "controversy," which threatens the job of attorney general alberto gonzales. serena williams moved so swiftly through her fourth easy wimbledon victory monday that only the reigning champion _ her sister _ seems primed to stop her. lindsay davenport will play for the united states in the 2000 fed cup world finals in las vegas on november "21-25," said the u.s. tennis association on monday.              
107 a total of 113 heads of state or government are expected to attend the un world summit for social "development," conference organisers said "monday," but some major figures will be staying away. a presidential commission created to investigate human rights violations amid sri lanka's worsening civil conflict has been ineffective and plagued with conflicts of "interest," a government-appointed international panel said. russian president dmitry medvedev tuesday called for moscow's swift entry into the wto """without" humiliation or new "demands""" and urged the us administration to support its bid. spring breaks are popping up all over and many more families than in previous years will be traveling by car. much to my children's "chagrin," our family car sports no panoply of the sort of high-tech gear you can add to a vehicle. oil prices soared wednesday to new records as traders poured more cash into the market on fears of a supply crunch despite a pledge by the opec cartel to increase production. there's a unicorn protruding from the wall in the lobby of the cw's headquarters in "burbank," calif. a colorful gummy bear sculpture occupies a corner nearby. dozens of trendy terms -- such as "``freeganism,''" ``ghost riding'' and ``vm-ing'' -- are written on one wall in the form of a president vladimir putin said monday that russia was willing to cut its nuclear arsenal to under "1,500" warheads as long as the process was ``controlled'' and the 1972 abm treaty was preserved. following are the women's tennis association leading rankings after lindsay davenport's win
108 egypt and russia will sign a protocol for cooperation aiming to give a push to the middle east peace "process," egyptian officials told afp on monday. police say one person killed in clashes between ruling party supporters and independents outside polling station in nile delta region. valladolid coach javier clemente enjoyed a winning home debut as the relegation- threatened side beat champions league hopefuls sevilla 1-feb at home on tuesday to boost their hopes of staying "up," moving three points from safety. remember the bragging i did about the satellite radio in my car? i told you i could drive 18 hours without the need to change a station. i said the reception is crystal clear and never faded. us president george w. bush on wednesday hailed the opening of iraq's new national assembly as """a" bright "moment""" and downplayed its failure thus far to agree on a unity government for the war-torn country. an eagle-eyed senate gop "aide," perusing house speaker nancy pelosi's web "site," calls attention to her assertion there that ``americans are paying more than double for gas than when president bush first took office.'' ford motor co. has hired sue "bailey," the former head of the national highway traffic safety "administration," as a consultant. due to tight schedule "timing," many top tennis players in the world may skip the athens olympic games in 2004 in order to prepare for the u.s. "open," said an atp top official on monday.            
109 nick "leeson," the trader accused of driving britain's oldest bank into "receivership," will appear in court here in coming days for further "questioning," frankfurt prosecutor hans-hermann eckert said monday. the new zealand dollar fell after the country's central bank intervened in the currency market to sell the new zealand "dollar," which had risen to its highest level in more than 20 years. the us senate may need until 2011 to ratify a landmark nuclear arms reduction treaty president barack obama signed with former cold war foe "russia," the chamber's democratic leader said tuesday. once again the two biggest science-fiction franchises have released new video games at about the same time. and once "again," both star wars and star trek deliver exceptional titles. the european union delayed wednesday the start of entry talks with croatia due to its failure to find a key war crimes "suspect," ignoring zagreb's insistent protests that it is already doing all it can. "tigermania," occasioned by the golf legend's tournament at congressional country "club," overwhelmed washington last "week," giving the "military," the diplos and the media a bit of a respite from persistently bad news from iraq and other locales. the european union regulators have given antitrust clearance to the creation of an information technology services joint venture between ibm italia spa and business solutions "spa," which is controlled by italian automaker fiat spa. china is to build asia's largest packinghouse in the northern port city of tianjin to provide pork for consumers worldwide.       
110 police seized a million cannabis plants in a sweep in the north of the sinai peninsula and arrested three bedouins who had cultivated the "crop," the al-akhbar daily said monday. italians went to the polls for a second and final day monday to vote in the runoffs of local "elections," in which premier romano prodi's center-left coalition appeared to fend off a major challenge two weeks ago by conservative leader silvio berlusconi. the case of a nigerian man dubbed the """underwear" "bomber""" after allegedly trying to blow up a detroit-bound plane in an al-qaeda "plot," returned to a us courtroom tuesday. these columns for release "tuesday," april "2," 2002 are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. us lawmakers ripped into major league baseball's new drug testing "plan," describing it as shamefully inadequate on the eve of a congressional hearing into rampant steroid taking by stars. labor secretary elaine chao has been in a bit of hot water since the publication sunday of her interesting observations about american workers and the potential loss of american jobs to overseas workers. with so much information being created in digital form "lately," scanners are becoming less necessary. but getting non-digital information into pcs means using a scanner _ and scansoft has an optical character recognition (ocr) program worth a look. a technology developed by a chinese military medical research institute will make it possible to change one blood type into another.             
111 shells rained down monday on the central chechen town of achkhoi- martan as russian forces dug in just outside the range of chechen "guns," apparently planning to soften up their target before advancing further on the town. the euro continued its decline monday against the u.s. "dollar," which has been buoyed by diminishing expectations that the u.s. federal reserve might cut interest rates. a european rescue deal to help greece tackle its debt crisis is only a small step and the country could still fall into a """debt" "spiral,""" legendary financier george soros warned tuesday. spring breaks are popping up all over and many more families than in previous years will be traveling by car. much to my children's "chagrin," our family car sports no panoply of the sort of high-tech gear you can add to a vehicle. marco "andretti," the 18-year-old grandson of auto racing legend mario andretti and son of 20-year driver michael "andretti," will make his indy-car debut in a development series race april 3 u.s. military leaders said wednesday that they expected the militant group al-qaida in iraq to ``lash out'' soon in response to the continuing american troop surge with ``spectacular attacks'' designed to aggravate sectarian tensions. new york (ap) _ stock prices are mixed in early wall street trading. the dow jones industrial average is up eight points. on the new york stock "exchange," advancers hold a 6-to-5 advantage over decliners. representatives of more than 200 multinational companies attended the western forum of china that ended sunday night in
112 in "jerusalem," a foreign ministry spokesman said: """never" before has there been any official debate between israel and the arabs concerning refugees. bae systems "plc," the aerospace company accused of funneling money to a saudi prince in a major arms "deal," will appoint a former lord chief justice to head a review of business "practices," the british broadcasting corp. reported monday. russian president dmitry medvedev tuesday hailed a change of atmosphere in us ties after attending a nuclear security summit here which he said was a """full" "success.""" once again the two biggest science-fiction franchises have released new video games at about the same time. and once "again," both star wars and star trek deliver exceptional titles. us deputy defence secretary paul wolfowitz vowed to wage war on poverty after being controversially nominated wednesday to lead the world bank. four men convicted of conspiracy to murder were sentenced to life in prison wednesday for their part in failed suicide bombings on london's public transit system in 2005 they must each serve a minimum of 40 years before being eligible for parole. a top union official said monday that it was inevitable that pilots of cathay pacific airways will begin an unspecified labor action on tuesday following the collapse of negotiations over pay and working conditions. the gaza international airport will reopen early tuesday after being closed all day long "monday," the second closure since the eruption of the palestinian-israeli clashes on september "28," an airport official said.        
113 the french franc fell to a record low of 3.551 francs to the mark during trading shortly after midday on monday. indonesia's most-wanted terror suspect may be among four alleged members of an al-qaida-linked militant network arrested in weekend "raids," police said "monday," as they tried to determine the identity of the men. tearful mourners queued into the night tuesday to pay tribute to poland's presidential couple as the first cracks appeared in the unity seen since they perished with 94 others in an air crash. the past year has been more stressful than usual for most "americans," and even the calmest among us are coping with feelings of "anxiety," "uncertainty," perhaps even depression. luckily there are herbs and other natural techniques that can help you restore your calm _ in "fact," as i write the explosion in obesity in the united "states," especially in "children," will likely cut life "expectancy," reversing two centuries of uninterrupted "progress," the new england journal of medicine said in a study released wednesday. worried -- aren't we? -- that harry potter might cast his final spell in book 7 but as many fans anguish over the possible demise of their "hero," they can take entertaining solace in ``harry potter and the order of the "phoenix,''" one of the most pleasurable films in activity in the nation's manufacturing sector fell for the 11th straight month in "june," but the decline came at a slower pace than in "may," an industry group said monday. the world health organization ( who) has
114 china on monday issued a new warning on british hopes to set up a court of final appeal for post-1997 hong "kong," only hours after pro- democracy forces trounced beijing's supporters in the territory's local elections. china's politically sensitive trade surplus soared in may to the third-highest monthly level on "record," according to government figures released "monday," amid growing pressure from u.s. lawmakers for sanctions against beijing. us president barack obama on tuesday discussed iran's nuclear program with the leaders of brazil and "turkey," both of whom are reluctant to back a us push for "sanctions," a brazilian official said. his penetrating brown eyes followed me as i made my way down the corridor. the "unrelenting," unbridled glare of a man on a mission aroused a myriad of "emotions," as i in turn offered an "aloof," but yet alluring glance. a fledgling private chinese airline is planning to provide luxury business travel between the capitals of southeast asian countries to yunnan "province," state press said thursday. george ratliff's ``joshua'' is a horror movie uniquely shaped for our "times," when the family circle is often likened to one of dante's descending floors of hell. it's as though an entire generation has decided that children are either the precious artifacts of their most cherished psychological projections or the bush administration will propose to offer new oil leases for offshore drilling in an area covering about 1.5 million acres in the gulf of "mexico," a senior administration official said monday. three bodies of the crew of the russian
115 egyptian leader hosni mubarak will visit washington on april 5 for talks on the middle east peace process with us president bill "clinton," the official egyptian agency mena said monday. china overtook japan as asia's biggest arms spender in 2006 as global military expenditures grew 3.5 percent to us$1.2 "trillion," a swedish research institute said monday. us president barack obama said on tuesday russia planned to shut down a weapons- grade plutonium "reactor," calling it an """important" "step""" for nuclear security. more than two-thirds of the staff of amtrak's local station has been laid off through the railroad's package of cost-cutting measures. kentucky fried chicken (kfc) outlets in china have stopped selling their new orleans roast chicken wings and chicken hamburgers after a cancer-causing food "coloring," sudan "i," was found in the "sauce," state media said thursday. on roads leading into this "city," capital of "kosovo," a popular billboard says "simply," ``with ramush.'' in their "hearts," at "least," most ethnic albanians are with ramush "haradinaj," the former prime minister of the breakaway province and onetime rebel commander on trial for crimes against humanity. the nasdaq stock market has recalculated friday closing stock prices for 46 of its "stocks," including microsoft corp. and dell computer "corp.," to correct errant prices primarily resulting from a worker's error that disrupted the computerized market. bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina will pay a four-day official visit to kuwait at the invitation of crown prince sheikh sabah al ahmad al sabah from october 29 to november "1," foreign office sources said
116 the dollar continued its record-breaking slide on the new york market "monday," losing two pfennigs against the german mark in early trading with no sign of central bank intervention on us markets. at least 62 people were killed and many others were injured monday in mudslides triggered by heavy monsoon rains in a hilly port city in southeastern "bangladesh," rescue officials and witnesses said. mexico pledged tuesday to eliminate all its remaining weapons-grade uranium in an agreement with the united states and canada unveiled at the nuclear security summit in washington. easter morning heralds a renewal of hope. for "2,000" years it has been so. as clouds part at sunrise before the fingers of light pulling at the curtains of "darkness," so throughout the world man's recurring capacity for hope repeatedly dispels the enshrouding glooms of "doubt," if only briefly. police are investigating allegations that an australian government senator smuggled cash into iraq on behalf of an oil company wanting to secure "contracts," justice minister chris ellison said thursday. the video game plays like this: you are a mexican illegal "immigrant," an indian green-card holder or a student on a visa from japan. the international monetary fund postponed a board meeting set for tuesday on approving a $1.60  billion loan installment for turkey because the government has not fulfilled some loan conditions. sales of existing homes fell 2.7 percent in september following an august "surge," suggesting the market is beginning to "settle," the national association of realtors reported wednesday.      
117 the "5,000" crew of the nuclear aircraft carrier uss eisenhower embarked on five days' rest and recreation after the vessel docked in the turkish mediterranean port of antalya on "monday," its commander said. an explosion went off outside a hotel in downtown nairobi during morning rush hour "monday," killing two "people," injuring more than 30 and sending shards of broken glass flying through the "air," officials said. the us senate's two principal authors of legislation to battle climate change said tuesday they were putting the last touches on their bill and hoped to unveil it next week. defense secretary donald rumsfeld lashed out monday at "iran," iraq and syria for ``inspiring and financing a culture of political murder.'' china's central bank has raised interest rates on home loans to dampen the soaring housing market as more signs emerge that the economy is growing too "fast," it said thursday. miley cyrus doesn't look like a mouse. or a befuddled bear. or even a princess. but make no "mistake," like "mickey," winnie the pooh and snow white before "her," she is a disney franchise. a preliminary vote count shows three candidates representing weyerhaeuser co. won seats on the board of directors of timber rival willamette "industries," both companies said monday. france will raise the price of gasoline by 13 percent in november as a result of the increase in fuel "prices," minister of "economy," finance and industry laurent fabius said on wednesday.               
118 a french regional council on monday pledged to provide nearly "250,000" dollars over the next three years for four aid projects in "armenia," including work on two schools. portugal's government is considering an alternative location for lisbon's planned new international "airport," a senior official said "monday," amid continuing controversy over the initial choice that has delayed the project. nations will leave the first nuclear security summit tuesday with a step-by-step instruction manual on how to keep nuclear stockpiles and fissile materials out of the hands of extremists. easter morning heralded a renewal of hope. for "2,000" years it has been so. as clouds parted at sunrise before the fingers of light pulling at the curtains of "darkness," so throughout the world man's recurring capacity for hope repeatedly dispeled the enshrouding glooms of "doubt," if only briefly. police in indonesia's tsunami-hit aceh province will rejoin the military pursuit of separatists because the rebels have started "regrouping," a report said thursday. america's health-care woes all could be solved with a government-run universal-coverage system. or so says michael moore in his new "film," "``sicko,''" which claims that even cuba's health-care system is superior to ours. united airlines and us airways said monday they are in discussions to abandon their planned $4.30  billion "merger," which has bogged down over economic and regulatory concerns. a diver entered the eighth compartment of the sunken nuclear submarine """kursk""" in the barents sea late wednesday and found no bodies of the crewmen believed to have been there when the sub sank in "august,"
119 french customs agents have seized some 155.5 kilograms (342 pounds) of "cocaine," the biggest drug haul since the start of the "year," at the french channel port of le "havre," officials said monday. cambodian prime minister hun sen issued an angry denial monday of accusations reportedly made by a retired thai general that cambodian muslims were fanning an islamic insurgency in southern thailand. us president barack obama on tuesday discussed iran's nuclear program with the leaders of brazil and "turkey," both of whom are reluctant to back a us push for sanctions against "tehran," brazilian officials said. the expanding international space station has living "space," a science "laboratory," storage modules and solar power panels. now it will get a backbone. australia has the chance to compound the misery of their new zealand hosts by taking an unassailable series lead in the second test starting here friday. as even strong republican supporters of president bush and the iraqi "invasion," such as sen. richard g. lugar of indiana and sen. pete v. domenici of new "mexico," now admit "publicly," the iraq surge cannot achieve its main objective. these party loyalists acknowledge that bush's surge strategy -- aimed chanting ``treason!'' and ``let's rise up!'' about "15,000" supporters of slobodan milosevic rallied monday to protest his extradition to the u.n. war crimes tribunal. the second stage of a project to resettle residents of china's three gorges reservoir-area will be finished by 2003 as "scheduled," a chinese official said here today.         
120 the chief public prosecutor of "moscow," who was sacked by president boris yeltsin last "week," warned here monday that a crackdown on crime could lead to police lawlessness and hurt ordinary citizens. at least 62 people were killed and many others were injured monday in mudslides triggered by heavy monsoon rains in a hilly port city in southeastern "bangladesh," rescue officials and witnesses said. israeli president shimon peres called on tuesday for stalled negotiations with palestinians to be """urgently""" "relaunched," on the first day of an official visit to paris. thalia westphal was a rebellious teen-ager who believed that the story of jesus was fiction when she landed a small role in last year's easter pageant at travis avenue baptist church. former haitian interior minister jocelerme "privert," who has been held in jail by the country's new "authorities," was hospitalized late wednesday after about two weeks on hunger "strike," prison officials said. ``you can't get blood out of a "stone,''" the saying goes. but if liquid fuels are the lifeblood of the transportation "sector," then technology and economics have combined to disprove that old saw. you can get blood out of a stone -- "specifically," diesel and other transportation fuels out pete sampras' mastery at wimbledon ended monday with a loss to hard-serving roger "federer," who was 11 years old when it began. "macao," october 25 (xinhua) - an exhibition of works by a contemporary colombian artist opened wednesday at the macao museum of art to help local residents learn more about an important school
121 a 60-year-old man was shot dead here monday in his garden near the confrontation line and two civilians were wounded in the old part of "town," according to initial reports from the morgue and un officials. the united nations said it is """outraged""" by an apparent assassination attempt on president hamid karzai as authorities arrested seven suspects in the "case," officials said monday. oil prices fell on tuesday as the international energy agency warned about potential risks to the economic recovery posed by high energy costs. when kathy t. nguyen died of inhalation anthrax in new york on oct. "31," the police and medical investigators were quickly deployed to find the source of the spores that had infected her. they interviewed 232 "co-workers," 27 neighbors and 35 acquaintances in an effort to reconstruct her final the milwaukee "bucks," burned by the miami heat on "monday," bounced back on wednesday with a 96-88 national basketball association victory over the cleveland cavaliers. tired ofpulling on your "belly-baring," ankle-skimming skinny jeans each morning (and peeling them off after a steamy summer night)? designers anticipated the cries for "help," and the ubiquitous matchstick legs have been replaced by the recent rise of the high-rise. "wide-legged," high-waisted "pants," that is. pete sampras' masterful run at wimbledon ended stunningly "monday," his bid for a record-tying eighth title stopped by teen-ager roger federer. various activities were held across the nation today to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the dispatching of the chinese people's volunteers (cpv) to korea to fight against u.s. aggressors
122 russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin on thursday proposed a three-phase solution to end the three-month-old conflict in "chechnya," starting with the declaration of demilitarised zones. derek jeter hit a go-ahead homer and finished with four "hits," alex rodriguez added a home run and the new york yankees beat the slumping mets 8-nov saturday. india has added almost 100 million people to its list of the "poor," a move that will give a total of 372 million access to state welfare schemes and "subsidies," a government official said monday. maybe a job applicant claims that he earned a bachelor's degree when he was actually one semester shy of graduation. or he boasts of winning an award from a trade group that doesn't exist. police on wednesday handcuffed and led away three children and seven adults who tried to take water into the hospice where brain-damaged terri schiavo is being cared for. he was an important political "figure," arrested for engaging in lewd conduct in a public men's "married," with "children," he told no one. instead he pleaded guilty without even hiring a "lawyer," hoping the problem would quietly disappear. french judges investigating a scandal involving cash payments for airline tickets moved a step closer to president jacques chirac on "wednesday," questioning his daughter in the case that dates back to chirac's time as paris mayor. a book based on a cancer patient's "diary," which has recorded the emotions of his last days on "earth," is being printed and will hit the shelves "soon," said monday's china
123 us aerospace giant mcdonnell douglas is scouting for indian partners to manufacture structural and systems components and electronic parts for its fleet of "aircraft," a company official said monday. elections for egypt's upper chamber of parliament turned violent monday as one man was killed in clashes between ruling party supporters and independents outside a polling station in the northern nile delta "region," police and state television reported. us first lady michelle obama paid a surprise visit to haiti on "tuesday," describing the damage three months after the caribbean nation's capital was devastated by a massive earthquake as """powerful.""" washington is the seat of the government and symbol of the nation. yet it was laid out by a "frenchman," with broad boulevards like those that baron haussmann gave "paris," and its buildings echo ancient rome and athens. it looks "like," and thinks "like," no other american city. the verdict in the air india bombing trial in "canada," is unfair but has come too late to "matter," some relatives in india of victims of the 1985 bombing said thursday. president "bush," delivering a mixed report to congress on political and military progress in "iraq," insisted thursday he would not be rushed into an early "withdrawal," even as lawmakers voted to begin pulling troops from iraq in the coming months. with fresh confirmation that the irish republican army is not moving to "disarm," protestants appealed monday for catholic moderates to expel the ira's political partners from the northern ireland government before it breaks down completely. wang "ke," director
124 egyptian foreign minister amr mussa on monday criticized a proposal from israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin to test syria's desire for peace. gunmen opened fire monday at the palestinian cabinet building while the government was meeting "inside," officials said. there were no reports of injuries. the finance chief for the 16 euro "countries," luxembourg premier jean-claude "juncker," told afp on tuesday he was """reassured""" by market reaction to a 30 #name? backstop greek bailout. saying she was tired of being thwarted in attempts to "resign," beverly "sills," the chairman of lincoln center since "1994," set it in stone on "monday," telling board members she intended to step down on may "1," when the center's new "president," reynold "levy," takes over. cricket authorities were left in an awkward dilemma thursday after india said pakistan president pervez musharraf would watch a one-day cricket match in new delhi next month. leading shiite politicians pleaded with the united states on thursday to stop imposing deadlines for reforms meant to stabilize iraq and vented frustration that their country's future was becoming a hostage of internal u.s. politics. president bush says he's got something in common with jersey city mayor bret "schundler," the underdog who won new jersey's republican gubernatorial primary. chinese vice-president hu "jintao," in a meeting today with azerbaijan foreign minister vilayat "guliyev," said that china is willing to work with azerbaijan to boost bilateral relations on the basis of the five- principles of peaceful co-existence.             
125 the russian security council harshly criticised the country's crime- fighting apparatus as incompetent and under-funded monday at a meeting called to deal with rampant lawlessness and corruption. the parents of madeleine "mccann," the 4-year-old british girl who disappeared in may while on a family vacation in "portugal," have brought their search to "morocco," the british embassy said monday. ethiopian authorities and the european union signed accords tuesday allowing eu observers to monitor may's general elections in the horn of africa "country," officials said. remember the ``bring out your dead'' scene in ``monty python and the holy grail''? it's the one where the old man "declares," ``i'm not dead!'' "``yes," he "is,''" insists his younger "companion," who persuades the undertaker to hit the old man over the head and cart him away. south korean share prices closed 1.32 percent lower thursday as samsung electronics and other blue chips tumbled on continued selling by foreign investors with sentiment undermined by wall street's overnight slide and record oil "prices," dealers said. stemming a revolt among senate "republicans," president bush appeared thursday to win two more months for his ``surge'' strategy in iraq after arguing that u.s. forces have made some progress and need time to make the country more secure. secretary of state colin powell met with israel's top general monday as a truce arranged by cia director george tenet appeared near collapse. china plans to strengthen information technology (it) education at primary and high "schools," said an official from the ministry of education (moe).   
126 snipers monday shot dead a 60-year-old man in his "garden," wounded a 14 #name? boy on his way home from school and crippled a 48-year-old man -- just three examples of daily assaults on the truce in this besieged city. saudi authorities on monday beheaded a sudanese citizen convicted of stabbing to death a saudi "national," the interior ministry said in a statement. the credibility of the international community is at stake in the push to impose tougher sanctions on "iran," a us state department spokesman warned tuesday. if you've done something "perfectly," can you do it again? sports fans can be that demanding. even the term three-peat has become part of the vernacular. england will bid to banish their six nations blues by completing an unprecedented rugby double at the world cup sevens here this weekend. ``it was startling -- even to "us,''" hbo co-president richard plepler said of david chase's cut-to-black non-ending that caused such an uproar among fans of ``the sopranos.'' ken caminiti requested and received his release from the texas rangers on "monday," freeing the injury-plagued third baseman to sign with another team. china's ministry of culture today organized the photo exhibition """china" and "africa""" at the duanmen exhibition hall near tiananmen in downtown beijing.                                              
127 egypt has put forward a compromise formula to resolve its dispute with israel over the nuclear non-proliferation treaty which the jewish state has refused to "sign," a senior foreign ministry official told afp monday. a prison inmate accused of plotting to kidnap television talk show host david letterman's young son was on the loose early monday after he and another man fled the montana state prison ranch in a truck. israel warned its nationals on tuesday that there was an imminent risk of kidnap attempts by militants against holidaymakers in the neighbouring sinai peninsula in egypt. after more than 20 years of standing alongside american presidents in building peace in the "region," president hosni mubarak of egypt is feeling undermined by "washington," upstaged by saudi arabia and vulnerable before an angry arab "population," officials here say. japanese share prices closed 0.82 percent lower thursday after wall street tumbled on record oil prices and a profit warning from the world's largest "carmaker," general "motors," dealers said. a federal labor agency has filed a complaint against the washington post alleging that the newspaper has not dealt fairly with its employees over compensation for appearing on washington post radio and for selling advertising for the "onion," a satiric newspaper printed by the post. chuck knoblauch broke an 0-for-16 slide with a three-run homer that capped a six-run seventh "inning," and the new york yankees beat the tampa bay devil rays 1-jul monday to complete a four-game sweep. israeli and palestinian security officials are to meet "wednesday," the first
128 french prime minister and presidential candidate edouard balladur continued his slide in opinion polls on monday with a new survey showing a sharp decline in the popularity of his conservative government. a special committee investigating corruption in the government of ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra announced monday that it has ordered the assets in thailand of thaksin and his wife frozen. children who are spanked frequently at age three are more likely to be aggressive when they're "five," a recent study has found. the flutter of fruit bats hadn't really bothered me. neither had swimming in clammy "water," nor stumbling upon largely intact human "skeletons," disconcerting as they were. but "now," as i attempt to wrap my leg around the side of a slick boulder while keeping my footing on a 2-inch lawyers for an australian woman facing the death penalty in indonesia for alleged drug smuggling said thursday they had new evidence showing she was unknowingly used as a courier by traffickers trying to move drugs inside australia. ``it was startling -- even to "us,''" hbo co-president richard plepler said of david chase's cut-to-black non-ending that caused such an uproar among fans of ``the sopranos.'' britain indefinitely postponed a security council vote on a u.s.-backed plan to overhaul sanctions against iraq on monday to avoid a russian veto and try to persuade moscow to support the proposal. an overwhelming majority of israeli jews support prime minister ehud barak's recent efforts to form an emergency government and announce a time-out in the israeli-palestinian peace "process,"
129 suspected mafia hitmen gunned down four people in sicily "monday," shooting dead the nephew of a mafia informer hours after they had murdered three people in the eastern port of "catania," police said. the u.s. supreme court strengthened a landmark anti-pollution program "monday," enabling companies to recover costs when they voluntarily clean up hazardous material. saudi arabia's highest religious authority issued a fatwa (edict) denouncing all acts of terrorism and criminalising its "financing," asharq al-awsat daily reported on tuesday. new discoveries of diseased wildlife in "colorado," wisconsin and nebraska are raising fears throughout the middle of the country that a problem once thought to be relatively isolated may be far more widespread. a truce with israel is not being discussed at the cairo talks between the leaders of palestinian militant "groups," the damascus-based leader of the radical islamist movement hamas said thursday. one of the marvelous stories in the documentary ``respect yourself: the stax records story'' on pbs's ``great performances'' aug. 1 is the arrival of otis redding to the famed "memphis," "tenn.," studios. a year to the day after his stunning election "victory," president vicente fox surprised mexico again monday by marrying his spokeswoman and longtime love. the 6-foot-5 president capped the ceremony by bowing down to timidly kiss his 5-foot-2 bride. a key member of the philippine government has asked the public anew to remain sober and not fall for the emotional calls of some groups for president joseph estrada to step "down," philippine news agency reported wednesday.     
130 leftist rebels launched a deadly overnight attack on a small town in northern "colombia," in which seven people were "killed," authorities said monday. the supreme court ruled monday that philip morris cos. inc. cannot move a lawsuit by cigarette smokers into federal court. bosnian serb wartime leader radovan karadzic sat expressionless tuesday as the first witness in his genocide trial told of atrocities committed by serb forces against bosnian civilians. bryan smolinski hasn't scored a goal for the los angeles kings since jan. "17," a span of 27 "games," but he's long since stopped keeping track of the longest stretch of offensive futility in his nine-year nhl career. opec could start discussing a second increase in its oil production ceiling as soon as next week if crude prices hold at current "levels," kuwaiti energy minister and opec president sheikh ahmad fahd al-sabah said thursday. amid a bleak outlook for "advertising," the los angeles times is considering breaking with long-standing tradition by selling ads on the newspaper's front "page," publisher david hiller notified staffers friday. president bush kicked off the nation's independence day "celebrations," shaking hands and chatting with tourists monday at the jefferson memorial near the white house. un special advisor stephen lewis told the zimbabwe news agency that there is need for the international community to assist with money.                                   
131 mexico will seek extradition from the united states of a former deputy attorney general suspected of interfering with the investigation of his brother's assassination last "year," officials said monday. trevor brennan's lifetime ban from rugby for climbing into the crowd and punching a fan has been reduced to five years. the us congress must keep up pressure on china to revalue its currency despite beijing's apparent new willingness to seek fresh sanctions on "iran," a key us senator said tuesday. justice department officials were willing to consider deferring the prosecution of arthur "andersen," letting it avoid "indictment," if the firm publicly acknowledged that it had illegally destroyed documents in the enron investigation and if it agreed to restrictions similar to "probation," people involved in the case said monday. syria's troop withdrawal from lebanon gathered steam on "thursday," with "4,000" troops having returned home and a roughly equal number re-deployed to eastern "lebanon," a lebanese army source said. a former assistant to broadcom corp. co-founder henry t. nicholas iii says in a lawsuit that the orange "county," "calif.," billionaire required him to oversee supplies of cocaine and other "drugs," pay prostitutes from a "$10,000 " ``petty cash'' fund and conceal his boss' ``extracurricular activities'' from his wife and camden high school basketball star dajuan wagner has been found guilty of simple assault and sentenced to one year's probation for punching a classmate in a school hallway. russian president vladimir putin on tuesday evening held telephone talks with palestinian leader yasser arafat and israeli prime minister ehud barak
132 a bus packed with passengers plunged over a cliff monday in southern peru killing 13 people and injuring "90," officials said. prime minister guy verhofstadt resigned on monday after the collapse his liberal-socialist government in weekend "elections," opening the way for the surging christian democrats to broker a new "coalition," and possibly a reform of the constitution. an under-construction hotel complex in saudi arabia will feature the world's second-tallest "building," topped by a clock six times bigger than london's big "ben," the hotel's general manager said tuesday. in a ruling expected to affect thousands of vietnam veterans with diseases linked to the deadly defoliant agent "orange," the u.s. court of appeals here told the government monday to pay out millions of dollars in retroactive disability benefits. german chancellor gerhard schroeder proposed on thursday to cut corporate taxes in order to stimulate growth and reduce the jobless figures in "germany," which currently top 5.2 million. he wore a pale yellow dress shirt and black-rimmed glasses that lost their tint when he entered the dark lobby of a baghdad hotel. he drank orange soda and refused a cigarette. his face was "tense," but he spoke in a "calm," open way about the satisfaction of killing "consumers," a key force keeping the economy "afloat," continued their vigorous spending in may. "that," along with improvements in manufacturing and solid construction "activity," made economists more hopeful the country will be able to skirt a recession this year. a noted chinese economist has urged that the quality of chinese goods exported
133 a senior us official tried monday to persuade croatia to rescind an order for all un peacekeepers to pull out of the country by the end of june. the supreme court ruled monday that philip morris cos. inc. cannot move a lawsuit by cigarette smokers into federal court. the international committee of the red cross on tuesday demanded the release of eight red cross workers being held by an armed group in democratic republic of congo. a tiny blip appeared on the radar screen of a german surveillance plane patrolling the somali coastline. it was a faint green "dot," which meant that something small was out there on the water. was this a boatload of fleeing al-qaida fighters? us secretary of state condoleezza rice's first visit to afghanistan to discuss the rebuilding of the country thursday was marred by bomb blasts in the birthplace of the ousted taliban regime that killed five people. larry david doesn't fall in love easily -- he's not that kind of guy -- but this week he might have found a tv show to swoon over. united airlines is moving to pull the plug on its $4.30  billion acquisition of us "airways," a deal that's been in trouble for months due to the weakened "economy," airline industry woes and lingering antitrust concerns. nikola "nikitin," a russian descendant born in yining of xinjiang uygur autonomous "region," has served as master of the only russian school in the city.             
134 germany's leading animal transport organisations decided monday to limit travelling time for live animals to eight "hours," the german farmers' federation anounced. the united states and russia are working on a plan to transfer $25  million (euro18.7 million) in once frozen north korean funds held at an asian "bank," a move aimed at reviving stalled nuclear disarmament efforts. four palestinians """terrorists""" were shot and apparently killed by israeli troops in central gaza near the border fence on "tuesday," the army said. xerox corp. said monday it would restate its financial results dating back to "1997," and that it had agreed to pay a $10  million fine to settle a fraud complaint that it expects to be filed by the securities and exchange commission. at least five people were killed and 13 were missing after a freak storm tore through the central philippines on "thursday," rescue officials said. u.s. soldiers arrested a police lieutenant suspected of working for an iranian-backed militia after a firefight in baghdad on friday that left six iraqi police and seven gunmen dead. car buyers beware: thousands of vehicles damaged by torrential rain that swamped the region last month are being refurbished for sale. a farmer was sentenced to five-year imprisonment for trafficking in "macaques," a wild animal similar to a monkey under the second-class protection in china.                                  
135 former world heavyweight champion evander holyfield wants to show the world how god has helped him recover from a heart ailment when he returns to the ring against ray mercer here in may. the palestinian government headquarters came under fire while the cabinet was meeting inside "monday," forcing the ministers to flee the building and deepening an especially brutal wave of factional violence. mexico has pledged to eliminate all remaining weapons-grade "uranium," the white house said "tuesday," after similar moves by ukraine and canada at an unprecedented nuclear summit here. when it comes to the bush administration's plan to store the nation's deadly radioactive waste under yucca "mountain," political leaders here in nevada do not mince words. former portuguese president mario soares has launched a petition to press lisbon to persuade the european union to start membership talks with the atlantic island nation of cape verde. a los angeles police officer may face disciplinary action after internal affairs investigators determined he shot a video that appeared on the entertainment web site tmz.com showing the rapper the game bragging with a wad of money inside his jail cell. two business "executives," two lawyers and a trio of former civil rights officials will serve on a task force charged to oversee coca-cola's hiring and employment practices as part of its broad racial discrimination lawsuit "settlement," the beverage company said monday. china will use weather modification technology to reduce natural disasters in the western "region," said sources with the china meteorological administration.      
136 iraq on monday said its army clashed overnight with kurdish fighters in northern "iraq," the official news agency ina reported. the united states and russia are working on a plan to transfer $25  million (euro18.7 million) in once frozen north korean funds held at an asian "bank," a move aimed at reviving stalled nuclear disarmament efforts. the international red cross warned tuesday that a rainy season peaking in mid- may would spark """minor" "disasters""" in "haiti," where 1.3 million people remain homeless after january's deadly quake. the forecast for opening day was not encouraging. it was supposed to warm up to "41," winds of 40 to 50 mph were "predicted," and the chance of rain was 90 percent. india's future as a venue for major international tournaments was under threat as the international cricket council's powerful executive board began a two-day session here on thursday. radioactive fallout near the site of the chernobyl nuclear power plant disaster in northern ukraine has dampened populations of brightly colored birds more than their drab "cousins," scientists reported this week. exactly three months after the u.s. navy ep-3e spy plane made an emergency landing on china's hainan "island," it began returning in pieces to u.s. "custody," officials said monday. another "500,000" people in gansu province in northwest china are expected to get out of poverty by the end of this "year," said a government official.                        
137 a court in equatorial guinea monday sentenced one of the country's leading opposition figures to 18 months in prison for bribing a police officer and slandering the head of "state," state-run radio-malabo reported. president nicolas sarkozy appears to have won a massive mandate after his party swept first round parliamentary "elections," and he is picking up speed in his plans to rehaul france's welfare state. but rivals say he should watch out. world ibf and wbo heavyweight champion wladimir klitschko has thrown down the gauntlet to wba title-holder david haye by insisting the british boxer faces him in a unification bout. adelphia "communications," the cable television company that disclosed last week that it had $2.30  billion in debts that it might have to pay but had not put on its balance "sheet," said on monday that it was delaying the filing of its annual report while it and its auditor german and spanish military teams helping disaster survivors in the tsunami-ravaged aceh on thursday prepared to bid farewell to the region ahead of a deadline for foreign troop withdrawal. ``ladies and "gentlemen,''" the voice over the portable speakers "intoned," ``please rise for the singing of `hatikva.' '' about 75 people stood up from plank-board bleachers as israel's national anthem filled the twilight. only a few sang the hebrew "words," "though," because only a few knew the language. a year to the day after his stunning election "victory," president vicente fox surprised mexico again monday by marrying his spokeswoman and longtime love. the 6-foot-5 president capped
138 un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali will go to haiti march 31 to witness the handover of peacekeeping operations from the us-led multinational force to un "forces," his office announced monday. onex corp. has joined a group bidding for bce inc. that already includes the canada pension plan investment "board," the caisse de depot et placement du quebec and u.s. buyout firm kohlberg kravis roberts & co. us astronauts on tuesday completed the third and last space walk of their mission to the international space station "(iss)," nasa said. the off-season strategy was rather simple: rebuild the mets' offense by adding some big-name "hitters," get the fans excited and make life easier for al leiter and the rest of the pitching staff. egypt's newly appointed ambassador to israel arrived thursday in tel aviv to take up his duties after a four-year diplomatic hiatus betwen the two "countries," a israeli foreign ministry spokesman said. the paper trail ends in an unmarked office in brazil's federal police "headquarters," where duffel bags full of confiscated files are heaped on the "floor," waiting to be opened and analyzed. a self-policing brokers' group has proposed requiring financial analysts to disclose potential conflicts of interest when they recommend stocks on television or in other public appearances. the international cooperation bank of japan will grant 8.9 billion yen for the development of agriculture in china's yellow river delta.                         
139 michael "johnson," who improved his own indoor 400m world record to 44.63 on "saturday," said he was heading home to "dallas," "texas," to start training for the 200m and 400m outdoors. his 200m split in his record- breaking run was 21.08. the names and faces of famous new yorkers including mickey "mantle," judy garland and malcolm x would be protected in new york from advertising and promotion not authorized by their estates under a measure pushed by al pacino and yoko ono. a south african surfer survived a shark attack after wrestling away from the hungry predator off the country's southeastern "coast," local media reported tuesday. if you can afford club seats at astros field this "season," you will be able to dine on pheasant quesadillas and wild-boar "tamales," with a side salad of field greens in a three-pepper balsamic vinegar "dressing," served in a hollowed-out multi-grain dinner roll. police in vietnam were investigating a man for his suspected role in distributing a pornographic film on the internet showing him in sex acts with a noted "actress," an officer said thursday. i suppose i'll merely expose myself to harmless ridicule if i make the following assertion: george w. bush's presidency will probably be a successful one. republican house leaders urged the bush administration monday to uphold a ban on embryonic stem cell research and block any federal funding of projects that use such cells. russian challenger vladimir kramnik extended his lead over world chess number one gary kasparov in the world chess championships on tuesday.
140 a young german violinist plans to sue the london philharmonic orchestra after its "conductor," her nephew by "adoption," cancelled her london debut on the grounds she was """not" "ready,""" the daily telegraph reported tuesday. albanian opposition parties threatened to boycott the first round of presidential elections next week because the governing party choose its own candidate without consulting the "opposition," officials said monday. india's maoist rebels top the list of the worst human rights offenders among the myriad of insurgent groups in the "country," a study on torture in the world's largest democracy said tuesday. if you can afford club seats at astros field this "season," you will be able to dine on pheasant quesadillas and wild-boar "tamales," with a side salad of field greens in a three-pepper balsamic vinegar "dressing," served in a hollowed-out multi-grain dinner roll. a spanish businessman of iraqi origin who was held hostage for several weeks in iraq has been freed and brought back to "spain," the foreign ministry here announced thursday. farmers here call these sandblasted acacia orchards the ``gardens of our "grandfathers,''" and for centuries the sticky amber sap flowing from them helped to bind civilization. seattle outfielder ichiro suzuki became the first rookie to draw the most votes and was among four mariners elected by fans monday to start next week's all-star game at safeco field. veteran richard krajicek of the netherlands eliminated fifth-seeded juan carlos ferreros of spain "6-4," 3-jun in the opening round of the swiss indoors tennis championships in "basle," switzerland on tuesday. 
141 a bus carrying 50 chinese tourists plunged off a bridge into a river near shanghai last "week," killing "23," a report said tuesday. an anti-corruption panel ordered more than 52 billion baht (us$1.6 billion; euro1.2 billion) in assets belonging to ousted thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra and his wife to be frozen monday pending court rulings on whether it was illicitly obtained. anna "walentynowicz," who died in saturday's air crash in "russia," was an icon of the struggle against communism who fell out with her ally lech walesa and slipped from the spotlight. frigid gusts make the trees grow "sideways," penguins and sea lions slide from frosty beaches into icy "waters," and flurries fall gently on the snow-capped glaciers ringing this small city at the bottom of the world. german chancellor gerhard schroeder proposed to cut corporate taxes and invest two billion euros (2.7 billion dollars) in transport projects in a bid to reduce the country's ranks of 5.2 million people unemployed. the department of homeland security lost senior leaders at twice the rate of the rest of the federal government over the past two "years," including 23 of 26 top officials who report to the "secretary," according to a new government report and dhs officials. declaring victory as the first u.s. resident to win a mexican "mayorship," migrant-turned-millionaire andres bermudez said his triumph is sure to bring more like him home to run for office. the arab league on thursday dismissed as """unhelpful""" a resolution adopted by the u.s. house of representatives which held
142 germany's giant metalworkers' union ig metall and the employers' federation reached a pay agreement on "tuesday," the two sides said. the bush administration cannot legally detain an immigrant it deems an al-qaida sleeper agent without charge and must allow him to be released from military "detention," a divided federal appeals court ruled monday. the polish head of the european parliament will lead lawmakers' tributes on wednesday to the 96 victims of the air crash that killed polish president lech kaczynski in "russia," officials said. for "years," as the age of psychoanalysis gave way to the age of "neurobiology," frederic schiffer has labored alone on an idea about the brain. police foiled what could have been one of britain's biggest bank heists "ever," after a gang tried to hack into computers at the london branch of the sumitomo mitsui bank group to steal 220 million pounds (423 million "dollars," 316 million "euros)," police sources said thursday. an old man sat wailing in a plastic chair in the middle of a busy market street here "sunday," a pool of blood at his feet. it belonged to his "grandson," ammar. a federal death row inmate who befriended timothy mcveigh attempted suicide the night before the oklahoma city bomber was "executed," the inmate's attorney said monday. a light uganda aircraft with five people on board crashed into lake victoria near uganda's entebbe international airport on monday "night," with three bodies of the victims recovered by a joint rescue "team," said ugandan civil aviation authority on thursday.   
143 in stockholm the swedish krona fell to a record low point of 5.17 kroner to the mark from another record low of 5.15 to the mark on monday. belgian prosecutor serge brammertz will stay on as chief investigator of the u.n. commission probing the assassination of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri until dec. "31," the united nations announced monday. the islamist hamas movement which controls gaza said on tuesday that it would insist on a high price in any prisoner exchange for captive israeli soldier gilad shalit. it's safe. it's easy. and it's a quick way for a woman to douse her fears of an unintended pregnancy when she has just had unprotected sex or thinks her birth-control method has failed. china thursday released long-time jailed uighur dissident rebiya kadeer on medical "parole," as washington announced it would not propose a motion criticising china at this year's un human rights commission. star jones arrived in the ballroom sunday morning without her husband's last name and without answers to the most pressing question of the day: "star," where is the rest of you? former spy chief vdladimiro montesinos continued a hunger strike monday and threatened to withhold testimony in the criminal case against him until he is transferred from a prison that also houses rebel leaders. ten people were killed thursday in a traffic accident in eshowe town of south africa' s kwazulu-natal province on thursday.                   
144 israel's ex-cabinet secretary and chief peace negotiator with jordan has refused a routine polygraph test for his new job as the army's legal "adviser," the jerusalem post reported tuesday. the top republican on the senate judiciary committee said monday he will vote for a no confidence resolution against u.s. attorney general alberto "gonzales," after questioning the leadership and independence of president george w. bush's longtime friend. the adoption of a water strategy for the mediterranean was floundering tuesday at a gathering in spain due to a disagreement between israel and arab countries over a reference to the palestinian territories. dad was snoring on the couch through most of his family's antics on last week's episode of ``the osbournes.'' but when he discovered that his wife planned to liven up his next concert by filling the stage with "bubbles," ozzy "osbourne," "53," snapped to attention. the eu's decision to delay entry talks because of zagreb's failure to find a top war crimes suspect is not a major blow to the country's european "aspirations," analysts said thursday. a top u.s. military commander in iraq called for more iraqi troops to police troubled areas "sunday," a day in which at least 26 people were killed in attacks on civilians and police across the troubled nation. federal banking regulators on monday approved titan citibank's $1.60  billion purchase of european american "bank," a deal designed to expand citibank's presence in the new york metropolitan area. the united nations high commissioner for refugees (unhcr) is sending a team of 15 experts
145 president burhanuddin rabbani's troops prepared to launch a tank assault against shiite rivals in kabul on tuesday under cover of jet strikes from the air. environment experts and ministers from around the world on monday gathered in sweden to informally discuss the options and possibilities of a new global climate agreement that would replace the kyoto protocol in 2012 us president barack obama warned tuesday that the world must "act," not simply talk about securing nuclear materials that extremists could fashion into a bomb to kill hundreds of thousands of people. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "tuesday," april "2," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com west germany's 1974 world cup winner franz beckenbauer admits he is willing to step up his bid to become the next uefa president after the german football federation (dfb) gave him their backing. a flurry of intelligence assessments have warned that palestinian leader mahmoud "abbas," the man u.s. policymakers hope can help salvage the middle east peace "process," may not be politically strong enough to achieve that "goal," according to u.s. officials. the florida marlins placed center fielder preston wilson on the 15-day disabled list with a sprained ligament in his left thumb. the common market for eastern and southern africa (comesa) thursday urged its member countries to work more collaboratively on the road to regional integration.     
146 china's ailing state sector -- a major thorn in the side of the government's economic reform programme -- is being suffocated by excessive "debt," growing stockpiles and social welfare "liabilities," ministers warned tuesday. eads deputy chief executive jean-paul "gut," tasked with overseeing the plans and strategies of airbus' "parent," is quitting following a """a" divergence in "views,""" the company said monday. whale meat sold secretly at a sushi restaurant in los angeles and another in seoul can be linked to japanese "whaling," a trade that would breach global rules on protected "species," scientists said wednesday. in "1889," the surfside land company had grand plans for the spectacular beach that gazes into the face of the atlantic ocean from the southern fringe of nantucket. the real estate speculators drew up plans for dozens of tiny seaside plots for "cottages," an elegant hotel to be shipped three prominent cambodian businessmen have filed defamation suits against cambodia's opposition leader over allegations that they funded a bribe to a top "politician," his lawyer said wednesday. as some of hollywood's biggest screenwriters dined on prime rib and salmon in may at the beverly wilshire "hotel," david young's mind was on pie. smashing his rifle to ruins with a "hammer," a rebel fighter opened u.n.-monitored disarmament monday in sierra leone's diamond center _ one of the most fought over regions in the 10-year-old war. officials from various african air companies gathered in mozambique's capital maputo on "thursday," attending a two-day conference sponsored by the african air safety organization (afrasco) with an
147 japan association of corporate executives chairman masaru hayami said on tuesday he was not worried about the macroeconomic impact of the strong "yen," dismissing calls for the bank of japan to cut interest rates. a new york state official proposed on monday using the state's pension fund to increase pressure on the sudanese government to end the violence in the country's war-ravaged darfur region. whale meat sold secretly at a sushi restaurant in los angeles and another in seoul can be linked to japanese "whaling," a trade that would breach global rules on protected "species," scientists said wednesday. for those who cling to hope in the middle "east," there are a few tentative signs that the influence of the united states "(still," in madeleine albright's elegant "phrase," the indispensable nation) is about to be felt for "real," however belatedly. craig bellamy has revealed that he wants to turn his loan stay at scottish champions celtic into a permanent move. a georgia man is scheduled to be executed by lethal injection on tuesday for killing a police officer in "1989," even though the case against him has withered in recent years as most of the key witnesses at his trial have recanted and in some cases said they lied james mouton left monday night's game against houston after straining his left hamstring diving for a ball in the first "inning," joining a long list of injured milwaukee brewers outfielders. tanzania's armed forces have been put on alert against possible breach of peace in the semi-autonomous zanzibar
148 canadian telecommunication giant northern telecom said on tuesday it had won 50 million us dollars' worth of contracts to supply digital switching systems to three areas in china. danny grewcock's place in england's world cup squad is in danger after the lock forward was banned for six weeks for punching an opponent. us treasury secretary timothy geithner eyed new international financial standards on "tuesday," hinting a deal was possible before the end of the year. this week the season opens for more than baseball. it is mcas season for all the children in massachusetts public schools. the acronym may have tripped up the newly minted republican gubernatorial candidate mitt "romney," but the kids know exactly what it means: the need to score as high french celebrity chef michel bras has teamed up with a blademaker in japan's historic swordmaking city to produce a set of six high-end knives for cooks and diners alike. the worst summer flooding in years has claimed more than 400 lives and wreaked billions of dollars in damage in central china. here in the villages around dongting "lake," rising waters have brought a plague of biblical proportions: an invasion of some 2 billion mice. government programs that give preference to native hawaiians _ including one that allows them to lease home sites for 99 years for $1  _ were challenged in federal court monday as racially discriminatory. the appeal came as shen "guofang," deputy chinese permanent representative to the united "nations," took the floor at the third committee of the 55th
149 japan's nippon steel corp. forecast on tuesday that its consolidated pre-tax losses of 54 billion yen (568 million dollars) last year would be """completely" or almost completely "eliminated""" in the year to march. a judge denied bail for three suspects accused of plotting to bomb new york's john f. kennedy international "airport," ordering them on monday to remain in jail until a hearing on a u.s. request for their extradition. results from the third day of the 2.5-million-euro monte carlo masters atp claycourt tournament on tuesday (x denotes seeded player): "spring," "easter," passover _ the season of renewal is upon "us," no doubt about it. and once body and soul have had their annual "inspections," we turn to home and "garden," and the rituals of planting and painting. the stock market listing of german solar energy specialist conergy appeared to be a runaway success thursday as investors snapped up the company's shares as resurgent oil prices highlighted the need to find "new," alternative sources of energy. at least 25 people were killed sunday in attacks across "baghdad," police "said," including 10 killed in a car-bomb blast in a busy commercial area. new york (ap)_ following on the heels of its rival "amazon.com," barnes & noble.com has introduced a free shipping offer for two or more items purchased. the u.s. employment cost index rose 0.9 percent in the third quarter over the "second," the slowest pace in a "year," the labor department reported thursday.            
150 american president lines was fined three million taiwan dollars "(11,407" us) for sailing between taiwan and china in breach of a government "ban," a court official said on tuesday. a new stephen king thriller will be published in its entirely in the july issue of esquire. """the" gingerbread "girl,""" a "21,000-word" novella covering 23 "pages," will arrive at newsstands tuesday. the british "regulator," the financial services "authority," on tuesday said it had handed down large fines to two former bosses of state-rescued northern rock bank for misreporting mortgage arrears data. aimez-vous blog? then you must enjoy andrew "sullivan," the creator ofandrewsullivan.com. in real "life," sullivan is a writer for the new republic and the new york times magazine who pens occasionally cogent essays on being "gay," "british," and/or "catholic," three bases he has well covered. but as a daily british retail sales rose by a modest 0.2 percent in february following a downwardly revised 0.7 percent increase during the previous "month," official data showed thursday. the war is again center stage this week as the senate continues debate on a defense authorization bill. some moderate republicans are pressing president bush to alter course on "iraq," offering a variety of measures in the nearly $650  billion bill that would start planning for a new strategy. britain indefinitely postponed a security council vote on a u.s.-backed plan to overhaul sanctions against iraq on "monday," buying time to persuade russia to support the proposal. arab states thursday urged the united nations security council to establish and deploy a
151 unexpectedly high producer price and industrial output rises fuelled fears the us economy was "overheated," and that the federal reserve might raise interest "rates," sending blue chips lower wednesday. u.s. nuclear envoy christopher hill says the next round of north korean nuclear disarmament talks could be held in early july. us president barack obama and vice president joe biden will lead mourners on sunday at a service in west virginia for the dead of the worst us mining tragedy in decades. digital video recorders are the rage. the picture is "better," and units like the replay tv _ which uses a hard disk instead of videotape _ have features not available with old-fashioned vcrs. european union (eu) foreign policy chief javier solana said wednesday that maintaining an arms embargo on china is """unfair""" given the changes in china since it was imposed in 1989 """justice" league of "america""" is exactly the kind of movie warner bros. loves to make. based on the classic dc comics "series," the script is filled with a dream team of recognizable superheroes -- "superman," "batman," wonder "woman," the flash -- and could not only become its own "franchise," a prosecution expert said tuesday that a former ku klux klansman is faking mental problems and is competent to stand trial for the 1963 church bombing that killed four black girls. a total of 2.2 billion euros ( 1.87 billion u.s. dollars) of investments departed from portugal's stock-market from january to august this "year," according to a report released by bank of
152 former all black winger john kirwan announced on tuesday he was defecting to rugby league and has signed a contract with the auckland "warriors," radio new zealand reported. a bus carrying americans to a catholic shrine in eastern bosnia collided with another vehicle "monday," injuring 16 passengers and the bosnian bus "driver," hospital officials said. italian authorities on tuesday expressed their satisfaction following a meeting with uefa delegates to discuss the country's candidature to host the 2016 european football championships. a pepper puree _ nothing more than a whirl of roasted sweet bell "peppers," salt and pepper _ is one of the true minimalist preparations. it is the foundation for any number of impressive "dishes," but can be made in minutes and with almost no effort. the spanish economy is heading for growth of 2.7 percent this year and 3 percent in 2006 after a decade of strong performance and rising living standards but further reform is needed and a housing boom poses "risks," the oecd said on thursday. the numbers are staggering: more than 12 million copies of the final harry potter book have been printed and are ready for shipment. booksellers expect 7 million copies to be sold in the first 24 hours. even more copies are being rushed into "print," even though the hotly awaited supreme court justice sandra day o'connor said monday she has ``serious questions'' about whether the death penalty is being fairly administered in the united states. chinese premier zhu rongji and vice-premier li lanqing today visited the international
153 socialist party presidential candidate lionel jospin on tuesday unveiled his campaign "platform," calling for measures to protect "workers," boost job "creations," and a tax on speculative investment. a bus carrying americans to a catholic shrine in southern bosnia collided with another vehicle "monday," injuring 16 passengers and the bosnian bus "driver," hospital officials said. china said tuesday it planned to curb foreign investment in polluting sectors and instead direct it into high technology and new energy. they're hiding in upscale homes around the world: "london," paris and "tokyo," even moscow. rumor is they've started hanging out in posh new york brownstones and malibu's mega-mansions and now they're moving mainstream. under-pressure younis khan and yousuf youhana cracked unbeaten centuries as pakistan gave a fitting reply to india in the second test at the eden gardens here on thursday. today's advice "columnists," having inherited a form best-suited to breakfast "tables," quiet mornings and the rustle of a "newspaper," are now heeding their own counsel and refusing to let themselves be defined by their past. a year to the day after his stunning election "victory," president vicente fox surprised mexico again monday by marrying his spokeswoman and longtime love. the 6-foot-5 president capped the ceremony by bowing down to timidly kiss his 5-foot-2 bride. vietnam's steel industry produced 1.2 million tons of products in the first 10 months of this "year," vietnam news agency reported thursday.                      
154 shares here fell lower in early "trading," after opening "higher," hit by continued currency turblence and a weak dollar which fell to a new all-time low against the "yen," dealers said. the bush administration cannot legally detain a u.s. resident it suspects of being an al-qaida sleeper agent without charging "him," a divided federal appeals court ruled monday. a rwandan court has refused to grant bail to deo "mushayidi," a political opposition figure held on a charge of breaching state "security," a lawyer said tuesday. one of the federal government's top nuclear experts said tuesday that the united states is concerned about whether russia has adequate controls over tons of radioactive materials used in that country's atomic weapons and energy programs. a four-hour work stoppage by civil aviation authority staff paralyzed flights in and out of athens international airport "thursday," an airport spokesperson said. until i got to los "angeles," i did not know that writing could be a group activity. but most of the scriptwriters i've met here have a "partner," and often those writing partners are hired to sit in a room with other writing partners so that they can all a judge ruled monday that the family of the late baseball slugger roger maris can't seek punitive damages against the world's largest brewer. the asian development bank (adb) approved thursday to provide 70 million u.s. dollars loans to the philippines for the country to rehabilitate and widen the north luzon "expressway," one of the country's main road arteries.    
155 president boris yeltsin's security council has asked parliament to double its budget for crime-fighting this year in a bid to crack down on escalating "lawlessness," the council's secretary said tuesday. defense attorneys in the jose padilla terrorism support trial are going to great lengths to suggest to jurors that jihad is not necessarily holy war and that mujahedeen could just as easily be freedom fighters as terrorists. the genocide trial of bosnian serb wartime leader radovan karadzic resumed in the hague tuesday after a six-week "delay," with the prosecution's first witness set to face him. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "tuesday," april "2," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com the nomination of us deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz to head the world bank raised criticism from aid organizations of the """gentlemen's" "agreement""" selection process which has led to a political nominee who fits the world view of president george w. bush. one week after my 16th "birthday," i was arrested and charged with crimes i did not commit. i remained behind bars in a life unsuitable for any innocent person. after i served nearly three years of a 17-year "sentence," the real facts of my case began to emerge and algeria's government on monday issued a new warning to "demonstrators," confirming a decision to ban all marches in the capital several days ahead of a planned protest
156 israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin launched a damage limitation exercise on tuesday as police probed the alleged use of millions of dollars of trade union funds for labour party electioneering. the mayor of a palestinian village on monday called for the end of pilgrimages by jewish groups to a holy site in his village after the desecration of muslim graves last week. robin van persie will return to arsenal's squad for their north london derby against tottenham hotspur at white hart lane on "wednesday," gunners manager arsene wenger said on tuesday. tooling his black bmw south along interstate "5," philippe charat banters with his passengers and chats on his cellphone in "english," spanish and french. no matter what the "language," the subject remains the same: fish. south african president thabo "mbeki," who has been mediating the conflict in ivory "coast," has called all sides to an """urgent" "meeting""" this month in south "africa," an ivorian opposition party said thursday. films don't come more "cynical," scathing or brilliant than billy wilder's 1951 drama ``ace in the "hole,''" which finally makes its dvd debut tuesday. what's most shocking about the "film," "though," is that it ever got made. state controller kathleen connell released details about four of california's short-term contracts with power companies "monday," a move the governor's office said could drive up wholesale energy prices. the board of directors of the asian development bank "(adb)," acting on the recommendation of adb president tadao "chino," has appointed joseph eichenberger as vice- president (region east) with effect from
157 separatists in breakaway chechnya said tuesday they were """still" "fighting""" russian troops in a final pocket of the chechen capital despite moscow's claims it had wiped them out of grozny. a father who ordered his daughter's brutal death for falling in love with the wrong man in a so-called honor killing was found guilty of murder on monday. the us trade deficit rose to 39.7 billion in "february," as the flow of products into the united states "surged," official data showed tuesday. there are a lot of ways to look at villa "moda," the boutique that majed al-sabah is opening in kuwait on april 21 there is the matter of its size: "100,000" square feet of glass in a warehouse district on the edge of the persian gulf. that's about the most iraqis are deeply attached to their islamic identity but do not want a strict application of "sharia," islamic "law," as in neighbouring saudi arabia or "iran," according to results of a poll released on thursday. question: i have an 80-foot-wide concrete driveway. it is cracked in several "places," and i want to know if it can be covered with asphalt. must i remove the old concrete driveway to lay the asphalt? i am afraid we will be tracking tar oils into the house with triple-digit temperatures and power plant problems triggered rolling blackouts across southern nevada monday for the first time in the state's history monday. vietnam has planted an additional "180,000" hectares (ha) of concentrated forest and 215 million scattered trees so
158 us first lady hillary rodham clinton urged governments tuesday to hand over power to citizens and voluntary organisations in the fight against poverty and social injustice. lines of police barred opposition voters from some poll stations monday and clashes erupted between supporters of rival "candidates," killing one "person," marring elections for egypt's upper house of parliament. twenty people were hurt tuesday in street clashes in indian kashmir during a strike to protest the conviction of six "muslims," including a kashmiri "separatist," for a 1996 bombing in new delhi. when my daughter sarah was "2," we were in our back yard on a "cool," breezy march afternoon. being a concerned "father," i asked her if she was cold. to this sarah "replied," ``no ... i'm just windy.'' she's 7 "now," and i'll remember that little saying forever. world oil prices soared to fresh record high levels on "thursday," with new york's main crude contract above 57 dollars per barrel for the first "time," underpinned by robust global demand. it's no surprise that a one-page article published this month in the journal science inspired innumerable newspaper columns and articles. the "study," by matthias mehl and four "colleagues," claims to lay to "rest," once and for "all," the stereotype that women talk more than "men," by proving -- scientifically triple-digit temperatures and power plant problems triggered rolling blackouts across southern nevada monday for the first time in the state's history monday. the asian development bank (adb) approved thursday a loan of 50 million u.s. dollars to indonesia to
159 a peruvian consular official in "machala," "ecuador," was arrested and beaten by ecuadoran military authorities and dumped outside the "city," peruvian foreign ministry officials said. less than a week after a suspected terrorist plot targeting john f. kennedy international airport made "headlines," new york city police at an impromptu checkpoint in lower manhattan were confronted with "another," less sensational threat: a "grimy," radioactive truck. us president barack obama was tuesday to urge world leaders to lock down nuclear material and arms to ensure extremists can never hold nations hostage with the threat of an atomic attack. to prevent texas tech "university," or any other "prospects," from wooing away dallas school superintendent mike "moses," district trustees have made him the highest paid superintendent in the nation. joe calzaghe's wbo super-middleweight title defence against brian magee was cancelled on "thursday," barely 24 hours before the fight was due to take place. the los angeles times tasting panel met recently to taste 32 wines from "arizona," new york and texas. six were from "arizona," eight came from texas hill country and 18 were from long "island," n.y. joining me on the panel were restaurant critic s. irene "virbila," columnist russ "parsons," asians are less likely than whites or blacks to have households headed by single "mothers," according to new census data that reflect racial differences in the makeup of the american family. spain has called on britain to provide an explanation regarding repairs scheduled for the british nuclear submarine hms tireless in "gibraltar," the newspaper el pais (nation)
160 south korean "army," naval and air force units will launch a six-day joint military exercise next month in "kangwon," a northeastern province bordering the demilitarized "zone," the defense department said tuesday. the families of some of the 32 people killed on virginia tech's campus demanded on monday representation on a gubernatorial panel studying the "killings," saying they feel """ostracized.""" india's maoist rebels top the list of the worst human rights offenders among the myriad of insurgent groups in the "country," a study on torture in the world's largest democracy said tuesday. the romance of driving historic route 66 sends thousands of tourists motoring across america searching for the perfect roadside diner or the classic tidy ``motor court'' motel. former world champion jacques villeneuve insisted here thursday that he would fight back from criticism that he was past his best. to discover any of america's emerging wine "regions," close your eyes in front of a u.s. map and randomly drop your finger on a spot. "madison," ind.? they've got pinot "grigio," zinfandel and syrah. prairie du "sac," wis.? sangiovese and riesling. "louisville," ky.? chambourcin and chardonnay. a judge ruled monday that the family of the late baseball slugger roger maris can't seek punitive damages against the world's largest brewer. the cost so far to restructure the romanian banking system has exceeded 2.5 billion u. s. "dollars," which is over 7 percent of romania's gross domestic product "(gdp)," and the process has yet to be "completed," the romanian news agency rompres reported thursday.    
161 police investigating a corruption scandal involving bribes reportedly paid for military contracts have seized documents from the brussels offices of the french aeronautics firm dassault aviation and an affiliated "company," police said tuesday. apple inc. launched a version of its safari web browser for windows-based pcs on "monday," pitting it against microsoft corp.'s internet explorer and mozilla's firefox. spain has warmed at a faster rate than the rest of the northern hemisphere over the past three "decades," according to a study prepared for the environment ministry that was published tuesday. how does a fledgling cable network separate itself from the pack? for "fx," one way is to push the limits of "language," violence and sex on basic cable. another is to tap into the headlines with a police show that stirs memories of the brutal assault on abner louima european stock markets showed mixed fortunes in early afternoon trading on thursday amid record high oil prices that risked weighing on global economic growth. last "month," "finally," bendu simpson told her young daughter about the ticking clock that keeps mom awake at night: come "october," no more karate "class," no more zoo trips to see the "otters," no more zipping around smooth suburban streets on your purple scooter. no more "toilets," showers or staples inc. and a shareholder group have settled a lawsuit filed in march challenging staples' plan to buy back shares of its online "unit," staples.com. the philippine peso nose-dived to 50.4 pesos against the u.s. dollar thursday amid rising concerns on the country's
162 the lira firmed slightly tuesday evening to "1,192.50" to the german mark at the announcement of senate approval of the proposed italian supplementary budget. anticipating a vigorous competition for black and hispanic "votes," democrat hillary rodham clinton's presidential campaign has scheduled a meeting tuesday with some 300 """women" of "color""" to urge them to raise money and spread the word among friends to encourage support for clinton's candidacy. poland president lech kaczynski will be buried on "sunday," the presidency "announced," after a weekend plane crash in russia that killed him and 95 other people. this island city of romantic "cafes," majestic basilicas and fine modern cinema is also the place where jackie robinson honed his skills as a minor-leaguer and where pete rose belted his "4,000th" hit. the french luxury group pinault-printemps-redoute posted thursday 2004 net profit increase of 45.9 "percent," which decreased to 9.9 percent when one-off items were excluded. former panamanian strongman manuel noriega will be extradited to france to serve a 10-year money-laundering sentence upon his release from federal jail in florida this "fall," according to u.s. justice department papers filed in court tuesday. an iraqi diplomat serving in iraq's mission to the united nations has requested asylum in the united states for himself and his "family," diplomatic sources confirmed tuesday. guinea currently hosts "460,000" "refugees," including "330,000" sierra leoneans and "130,000" "liberians," who fled the civil wars in the "1990s," according to the united nations high commissioner for refugees (unhcr).           
163 the italian senate monday approved a supplementary budget presented by prime minister lamberto dini to cut the government's budget deficit. the government-backed catholic bishop of shanghai says he hopes the vatican and china can restore "ties," but warns that reconciling believers from the official and underground churches won't be easy. global watchdog group human rights watch on tuesday called on angola's government to do more to fight "corruption," saying angolans were not benefitting from the state's immense oil-riches. the anaheim angels decided during the offseason they'd be better off spending money on "offense," so they let reliable reliever shigetoshi hasegawa leave. that opened the door for a variety of the organization's younger pitchers to try to win a job in the bullpen. the senate in the democratic republic of congo on thursday adopted the country's draft constitution as part of a process aimed at restoring lasting stability the the vast central african nation. the food and drug administration would be unable to ensure the nation's food safety if a plan to close half of its testing laboratories goes through as "suggested," a house panel was told tuesday. an american on the brink of death has received the first "self-contained," mechanical heart replacement in a landmark experimental operation. "london," october 27 (xinhua) -- following are the closing cash and three-month prices at the london metal exchange on friday:                            
164 kuwait on tuesday urged participants at the un world summit on social development in denmark to help secure the release of prisoners of war which it says are being held in iraq. """this" is the last pretty thing you're going to see until we get to the "lakefront,""" tour guide rose scott tells passengers gazing at the live oaks of city park. us president barack obama will urge world leaders to harden their resolve to lock down nuclear material on the second day of a summit tuesday aimed at keeping atomic weapons out of terrorist hands. thousands of jordanians braved a frigid downpour to march on parliament on "tuesday," demanding that the kingdom sever ties with "israel," while protesters in egypt packed the streets around cairo university for a fifth straight day. police on thursday revised downwards from 545 to 544 the number of swedes killed or missing and presumed dead after the indian ocean tsunami disaster in december. sallie mae employees aren't the only ones who stand to reap a stock option windfall from the pending buyout of the company. the student loan provider itself has amassed options to buy millions of its own shares for significantly less than the buyout "price," a company earnings report highlighted north korea is going ahead with development of its long-range "missile," raising questions among u.s. officials about the asian country's willingness to move toward a missile-control agreement with the united states. bahrain has dismissed as """" "astonishing""" qatar's rights claim to the disputed hawar islands in the
165 russian warplanes have mined the main road in chechnya to stop chechen separatists using "it," a russian military official told the interfax news agency here tuesday. a new associated press calculation shows that compensation for america's top executives has skyrocketed into the stratospheric heights of pro athletes and movie stars: half make more than $8.30  million (euro6.22 million) a "year," and some make "much," much more. the interim authorities in kyrgyzstan have stripped ousted president kurmanbek bakiyev of his immunity to prosecution and will arrest him if he does not "surrender," a top official said on tuesday. los angeles - the film industry's seven major studios may have been fierce rivals during this year's bitter oscar "race," but on tuesday they presented a united front in announcing plans to develop uniform standards for digital cinema technology. serbs throughout the un-run province of kosovo held church services thursday to mark the one-year anniversary of anti-serb violence that left 19 dead and thousands "displaced," but many said they were still too scared to go home. officials in libya on tuesday commuted the death sentences of six foreign health workers convicted of intentionally infecting hundreds of libyan children with "hiv," the latest in a series of steps aimed at closing a case that has severely strained relations between a once-pariah state and the united states the european union blocked general electric co.'s $41  billion purchase of honeywell international inc. on "tuesday," the first time a proposed merger between two u.s. companies has been blocked solely by european regulators.
166 hopes rose tuesday for harry "mitchell," the 70-year-old solo racer missing in the southern "ocean," after fresh distress signals were monitored tuesday. it comes as no surprise to anyone that the number of organic farms is booming to meet consumer demand for healthy food. in "washington," a state known more for its apples than any other "crop," there are 45 organic dairies. five years "ago," there were just two. japanese shares closed 0.81 percent lower tuesday as investors locked in "profits," mainly of "exporters," a day after a greek rescue package and wall street's gains lifted sentiment. ``it's so "tough," you have to watch those games on tv and you can't help the "team,''" said "lehtinen," who is trying to return from a sprained right ankle. ``you want "to," but you don't want to come in too early. that does not help the team. it's tough sudan announced thursday that it had imposed restrictions on the movement of us "diplomats," in what it said was retaliation for similar measures ordered by washington. many of tribune co.'s largest daily newspapers are planning to sell ads on their front "pages," following a strategy that may break with tradition "but," experts "say," is fast becoming a trend in the industry. city slickers in razor-sharp suits and tough-looking urbanites competed with "gentler," breezier outfits in shows featuring next spring's menswear offerings. visiting ugandan president yoweri museveni and his rwandan counterpart paul kagame are to participate in a friendly football match on saturday at kakyeka stadium in mbarara town in
167 leading european stock markets lost ground on tuesday on worry about continuing turbulence on the foreign exchange "markets," with a number of currency again hitting record highs or lows and the mark and the yen carrying all before them. sweden and tiny malta are to appeal to european union counterparts tuesday to help share the burden of hosting african and iraqi refugees instead of keeping their doors shut to the flood of asylum seekers. the prime ministers of india and pakistan met briefly monday on the sidelines of a summit as islamabad tried to persuade its longtime rival to look beyond the horrors of the mumbai attacks. los angeles - some ditched "school," others played hooky from work. whatever it "took," a capacity crowd of "53,356" fans turned out tuesday at dodger stadium for opening day. nawal el "moutawakel," head of the ioc's evaluation "commission," on thursday rejected the notion that moscow was an underdog in the race to stage the 2012 olympics. six top executives at ca inc. received more than $23  million in combined "salary," stock grants and options and other compensation in fiscal "2007," according to a financial filing. in a victory for "baghdad," the u.n. humanitarian program in iraq was expected to be extended tuesday for an additional five "months," the result of russian threats to veto a u.s.-british proposal to overhaul sanctions. both the sri lankan government forces and the rebel forces have agreed to observe days of tranquillity on october 27-28 and december 2-jan to allow the immunization of
168 the genocide trial of ethiopia's fallen strongman colonel mengistu haile mariam resumed here tuesday in his absence after a three-month break called by the defence. in excruciating "detail," a mother describes severe autism and devastating health problems that plague her 12-year-old daughter and asks a court to find that common childhood vaccines were the cause. indian outsourcing giant infosys technologies reported tuesday net profit slipped in the three months to march amid a """challenging""" global business environment. confronting the toughest diplomatic challenge of its 15 months in "office," the bush administration is struggling to forge an effective middle east policy as escalating israeli-palestinian violence and the rush of events rapidly shift the ground beneath it. the syrian army thursday completed the first stage of a planned pullback from lebanon ahead of "schedule," with some "4,000" troops returning "home," as more symbols of its near-30-year presence in the country were hauled down. the dow jones board of directors met tuesday to formally consider an agreement accepting rupert murdoch's unsolicited $5  billion bid for the "company," a purchase that would give him control of the wall street journal. louis pepe was known at the metropolitan correctional center for his "kindness," even toward the men held on terrorism charges in the high-security 10 south cellblock. the u.n. "spokesman," manoel de almeida e "silva," told a press "conference," """the" secretary-general did receive a letter this morning from president (vojislav) "kostunica," where he requests the admission of the federal republic of yugoslavia to the united "nations."""    
169 asked whether the assassination was related to a wave of attacks committed by islamic fundamentalists in "algeria," sills "said," """i" would not rule out that it was politically "motivated.""" the european union wants reassurance from china that it will take action to limit a growing trade gap as china's trade surplus with the rest of the world soared. china said tuesday it has imposed duties on a common electrical steel made in the united states and "russia," in apparent retaliation for washington's recent decision to slap tariffs on chinese pipes. the rangers are concerned about pitcher chan ho park's sore right "hamstring," to the point where he may have to skip saturday's start and even go on the disabled list. the 100th anniversary of the birth of christian "dior," the legendary french designer who revolutionized haute couture with his new "look," will be feted with a series of events beginning in may in normandy. the risk of getting cancer in their lifetime increases for people exposed to radiation during cardiac screening with a 64-slice ct "scanner," an increasingly popular diagnostic "tool," doctors said tuesday. imposing a death sentence on a man convicted of bombing a u.s. embassy in africa would backfire by turning him into a "martyr," a defense lawyer told jurors during closing arguments of the penalty phase of the terrorist's trial. the u.n. "spokesman," manoel de almeida e "silva," told a press "conference," """the" secretary-general did receive a letter this morning from president (vojislav) "kostunica," where he requests the admission of the federal
170 the board of directors of northern electric regional electricity company recommended on tuesday that shareholders should accept a takeover bid made by british conglomerate trafalgar "house," a subsidiary of hong kong group jardine matheson. a father who ordered his daughter's brutal death for falling in love with the wrong man in a so-called honor killing was found guilty of murder on monday. the interim authorities in kyrgyzstan have stripped ousted president kurmanbek bakiyev of his immunity to prosecution and will arrest him if he does not "surrender," a top official said on tuesday. the security "council," deflecting an arab request for a stronger resolution demanding israeli withdrawal from palestinian "cities," met on tuesday in two private sessions with the representatives of israel and the palestinians to urge an end to the conflict. the syrian army thursday completed the first stage of a planned pullback from lebanon ahead of "schedule," with some "4,000" troops having returned "home," as more symbols of its near-30-year presence in the country were hauled down. the food and drug administration came under withering criticism by a house panel tuesday for its handling of recent food-safety "violations," and the bush administration later disclosed plans to establish a working group to review the safety of food and other imports. imposing a death sentence on a man convicted of bombing a u.s. embassy in africa would backfire by turning him into a "martyr," a defense lawyer told jurors during closing arguments of the penalty phase of the terrorist's trial. britain said friday that 18
171 zarak jahan "khan," the eighth-seeded "pakistani," teetered on the brink of defeat against australian qualifier dan jenson in the first round of the portuguese open squash championship here tuesday. suspected al-qaida bombers stepped up attacks on key transportation "arteries," striking a bridge north of the capital a day after shutting the superhighway south of baghdad with a huge explosion that collapsed an overpass and killed three u.s. soldiers. thousands of supporters of kyrgyzstan's ousted president kurmanbek bakiyev tuesday staged a new rally backing him in his southern stronghold of "jalalabad," an afp correspondent said. major league soccer's seventh season is underway with a good television package in "place," but one small change in that package would dramatically improve even further how soccer games are delivered to the fans this season. norway's king harald v is suffering from a clogged valve and will undergo heart surgery within the next couple of "weeks," the royal palace and the monarch's team of physicians said on thursday. a los angeles times story about saudi insurgents in iraq said the u.s. military had 135 foreigners in detention facilities in iraq. the number of detainees is 130 the article also said that 15 percent of foreign militants targeting u.s. troops and iraqi civilians and security forces were from comedian paula poundstone pleaded innocent tuesday to child molestation charges and was ordered to stay away from minor children unless their guardians or independent observers are present. the 15-member council met behind closed doors after the body held informal consultations thursday afternoon on
172 arab and israeli officials agreed at unprecedented talks here tuesday to set up a standing committee to decide the fate of palestinians displaced in the 1967 war. more than "1,000" "officers," soldiers and federal agents arrested three men monday as they were sent to detain illegal loggers in a mountain region south of mexico city where an environmentalist was killed last month. millions of hindu pilgrims gathered in makeshift camps on the banks of the river ganges in india on tuesday ahead of the climax of the world's largest religious festival. los angeles kings coach andy murray doesn't like his team to watch the out-of-town "scoreboard," but nobody could ignore edmonton's overtime victory over "minnesota," which meant that a kings loss tuesday night would drop them into eighth place in the western conference. italy coach john kirwan has made three changes to his starting team for saturday's six nations match at home to france. southern california home sales plunged to a 14-year low in "june," reflecting an increasingly soft housing market -- especially in outlying areas such as the inland empire and antelope valley. a crew of aging veterans who sailed a rusting world war ii vessel across the atlantic in the middle of winter will be given a heroes' welcome on independence day. the u.s. economy increased at an annual rate of 2.7 percent in the third quarter this "year," less than half the pace of the previous "quarter," the commerce department reported friday.          
173 four quebeckers have died in the past two weeks from the same "necrotizing," or the so-called """flesh-eating,""" bacteria that nearly killed quebec separatist leader lucien bouchard in december. republicans blocked a no-confidence vote in the u.s. senate on attorney general alberto "gonzales," rejecting a symbolic democratic effort to force him from office amid blistering criticism from lawmakers in both parties. philippine politics has plunged to ugly lows ahead of next month's presidential election as candidates take advantage of the internet and mobile phones to smear their "rivals," analysts say. kevin appier's first start as an anaheim angel won't be one to tell the grandkids about years from "now," but taking a lead into the ninth inning is something the angels gladly will accept. sinn fein party leader gerry "adams," who has been shunned by us political "leaders," held talks in washington with irish prime minister bertie ahern about the troubled northern ireland peace "process," a party statement said thursday. the white house faced fresh political peril tuesday in the form of a new intelligence assessment that raised sharp questions about the success of its counterterrorism strategy and judgment in making iraq the focus of that effort. ethnic albanians in "kosovo," the targets of slobodan milosevic's brutal campaign of violence and "terror," greeted his arraignment tuesday with "swearing," shouting and a profound sense of satisfaction. "kissinger," "77," was admitted to new york weill-cornell medical center "wednesday," the spokeswoman said thursday. """he's" doing "well," and is expected to be there for a few "days."""   
174 president nelson mandela's daughter zindzi and peter "mokaba," a senior leader of south africa's ruling african national "congress," are being sued for non-payment of furniture "bills," public television reported tuesday. astronauts will try to fix a thermal blanket that peeled back during atlantis' "launch," extending the space shuttle's mission from 11 to 13 "days," nasa managers said monday. bomb attacks killed two people tuesday on a restive southern philippine island where al qaeda-linked militants are known to "operate," police said. every point in the standings is supposed to feel golden for a team chasing a playoff spot late in the "season," but the long faces in the los angeles kings' dressing room after tuesday night's game against vancouver suggested otherwise. world oil prices soared to fresh record high levels on "thursday," with new york's main crude contract above 57 dollars per barrel for the first "time," underpinned by robust global demand. southern california law enforcement "officials," who started the year fearing a surge in gang "crime," have reached midyear with a major drop in "homicides," according to crime statistics released tuesday. the last disassembled parts of a u.s. spy plane that collided with a chinese fighter "jet," sparking a crisis in u.s.-china "relations," were flown off southern china's hainan island "tuesday," the navy said. a total of "22,000" children in the yugoslav province of kosovo have been immunized during a recent anti-polio "campaign," the united nations children's fund ( unicef) said here friday.            
175 the dollar tumbled to record lows against the yen and german mark tuesday as currency markets were roiled by the mexican economic crisis and investors shunned the greenback as a """safe" "haven""" currency. there is no alien world behind the virtual reality "gear," just a modestly decorated living room that can be seen without the video goggles. chinese internet portal tencent holdings said it will acquire a 10.26 percent stake in digital sky technologies ltd "(dst)," a russian internet investment firm and facebook shareholder. clearly "buhner," who spent 14 years with the "mariners," felt the love from a safeco field crowd of "40,805" -- and reciprocated. european countries were urged thursday """not" to wait for another madrid or "beslan""" and to take "urgent," concrete steps to fight global terrorism. japan has warned leaders of the house of representatives that "serious," long-term damage to japanese-u.s. relations is likely if the house passes a resolution demanding an official apology from japan for its wartime policy of forcing women to become sex slaves for japanese soldiers. amf bowling "worldwide," the world's largest operator of bowling "centers," filed for bankruptcy protection tuesday under a plan that would allow it to repay debt and restructure its operations. china has recently set up a special work group to coordinate its efforts in cracking down on the crimes of producing and selling shoddy and fake products.                          
176 the dollar also lost ground against the other major european "currencies," hitting 4.9225 french francs from 4.975 late "monday," 1.145 swiss francs from 1.174 and 0.6101 pounds sterling against 0.6159. new episcopal bishop nerva cot "aguilera," the church's first female bishop in cuba and the developing "world," said monday she welcomed the opportunity to show what women can do if given the chance. a series of sensational trials that exposed the seamy world of mafia kingpins in the chinese mega-city of chongqing is to reach its climax this "week," with a former top official due to hear his fate. the mariners looked at times "ungainly," particularly in the seventh inning when relievers jeff nelson and arthur rhodes squandered a 2-mar lead. the european union is still working towards ending an arms embargo on china despite """complicated" "atmospherics""" thrown up by china's anti-secession "law," eu foreign policy head javier solana said thursday. washington -- former-congressional-spouse-turned-online-punditry-empress arianna huffington has returned to d.c. in typically grand style. on monday "night," at the waterfront georgetown condo she's rented for the month while one of her daughters interns for harry "reid," she threw a cocktail party that drew an array of political "players," media "types," amf bowling "worldwide," the world's largest operator of bowling "centers," filed for bankruptcy protection tuesday under a plan that would allow it to repay debt and restructure its operations. the total assets of hong kong 's exchange fund amounted to 988.9 billion hk dollars as at september "30," "2000," 1.1 billion hk dollars lower than
177 it would be a mistake for washington to lift a ban on fundraising here by sinn fein leader gerry "adams," or to allow him to meet us president bill "clinton," northern ireland secretary sir patrick mayhew said tuesday. logging dead trees after a wildfire and planting new ones can make future fires "worse," at least for a decade or two while the young trees create a volatile source of "fuel," scientists found in a study that contradicts conventional practices. japan's prime minister yukio hatoyama has promised president barack obama that a lingering row over the relocation of a us military base will be resolved by may. but if you're a big-time athletic director looking for a basketball coach and go 0-for-3 ... "my," oh my. you might get a stat named after "you," such as the mendoza line (hitting below .200). representatives from southern sudan's former rebel "army," its political wing and pro-khartoum militias on thursday agreed to hold a national reconciliation conference later this month in "kenya," officials said. many lawmakers who have pushed president bush to bring troops home from iraq have not developed plans to deal with the violence that could follow a "pullout," interviews with more than two dozen democrats and republicans show. the mayor and five other white men will be tried for the death of a black woman during the city's 1969 race "riots," a judge ruled tuesday. israel is investigating several policemen who are suspected of beating a palestinian man arrested for allegedly participating in the killing of
178 prime minister and presidential candidate edouard balladur had taxable income of seven million francs (about 1.4 million dollars) between 1991 and "1993," including 2.5 million francs worth of capital gains on share "sales," the investigative weekly le canard enchaine reported in its edition to be published wednesday. a texas baby sitter who was to have been executed this week for killing an infant won a reprieve from a divided appeals court that ordered a review of whether the boy's injuries were accidental. almost half of the bodies of the 96 dead in the polish presidential air crash have been formally identified in russia by the victims' "relatives," the russian health minister said tuesday. if it wasn't so "painful," it would have been comical. none of the sonics thought it was "funny," particularly nate "mcmillan," who seethed after watching his team blow a big lead and "lose," "100-98," to the houston rockets last night at compaq center. afghanistan's first post-taliban parliamentary polls are to be delayed until "september," president hamid karzai and us secretary of state condoleezza rice said thursday as the american official praised the country's moves towards democracy. june home sales in southern california plunged to a 14-year "low," reflecting an increasingly soft housing market -- especially in outlying areas such as the inland empire and antelope valley. a judge tuesday ordered the mayor and five other white men to stand trial in the slaying of a black woman during a 1969 race riot. newly appointed lebanese prime minister rafik hariri formed a half-christian
179 the persistent weakening of the dollar in recent days is a new sign of the long-term erosion of the us currency's dominant international "stature," analysts said tuesday. australia & new zealand banking group ltd. announced hsbc holdings plc's michael smith as its new chief executive "officer," saying tuesday he will take up the post on oct. 1 developing asia's economies were on track for a """robust" "recovery""," the asian development bank (adb) said "tuesday," with india and china working as the engines of growth. kevin appier's first start with the anaheim angels won't be one to tell the grandchildren about years from "now," but the end result was one the angels gladly will accept. german chancellor gerhard schroeder held crisis talks with opposition leaders on thursday to discuss a package of measures designed to revive an ailing economy crippled by record unemployment. dick "wolf," creator of the ``law & order'' franchise and the tv industry grump most loved by the reporters who cover television -- which is odd given that he consistently treats them like relatives who were collectively dropped on their heads as children -- came to summer tv press mozart's hometown was the latest european city rocked by antiglobalization activists' so-called summer of resistance. now street "fighters," fresh from weekend clashes with riot "police," are gearing up for their next target: "genoa," italy. a russian tu-34 plane arrived at the saddam international airport in the western suburb of baghdad friday afternoon in defiance of the u.n. embargo that has been in place for
180 the first president of the movement for the survival of ogoni people (mosop) tuesday became the first prosecution witness to testify against ken saro-wiwa as the hearing of a murder charge against the human rights activist and four other main accused "opened," judicial sources said here. gold opened at us$654.20 an ounce on tuesday in hong "kong," down us$2.05 an ounce from monday's close of us$652.15. thailand's """red" "shirts""" vowed tuesday to keep up their mass protests until prime minister abhisit vejjajiva dissolves "parliament," after an election body called for the abolition of the ruling party. these columns for release "thursday," april "4," 2002 are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. french hotel and tourism group accor has won a bid to run the largest luxury hotel in the middle "east," located in the muslim holy city of mecca in saudi "arabia," the group said in a statement received thursday. as many as 200 people were feared dead tuesday night after an airplane skidded off the runway of a sao paulo "airport," crossed a nearby "avenue," slammed into a fuel depot and burst into flames. jennifer capriati kept her grand slam bid alive "tuesday," rallying from the edge of defeat to beat serena williams in three sets and reach the semifinals at wimbledon. singapore will invest 200 million singapore dollars (about 114 million u.s. dollars) over the next 3 years to spur the development of the wireless "industry," said yeo cheow "tong," minister for communications and information technology on friday.
181 the united states is concerned that the japanese government's deregulation "package," to be announced this "month," will not go far "enough," us trade representative mickey kantor said tuesday. kara lawson scored 24 points to lead the sacramento monarchs to an 82-67 victory over the winless houston comets on monday night. the 1956 new zealand maori team was ordered by a government minister to throw a game against the springboks to ensure the all blacks weren't stopped from touring south "africa," a former player has claimed. technology is always about the new big thing. it "is," "literally," a work in progress. but what about the old big thing? yesterday's future gets short shrift in our what-have-you-done-for-me-lately "society," and children grow up with such a confused sense of history that they think "grandpa," when he was a key witness on thursday told the inquiry into a visa scandal which allegedly allowed hundreds of thousands of eastern europeans to flood into germany that government ministries were aware of what was happening. in "1790," thomas jefferson led the first official census. it was estimated to cost 1 cent per person "counted," and the first generation of "``enumerators,''" as census bureau field staffers are now "called," made the rounds on horseback. the 2010 census is projected to cost $36.43  per "capita," with shares of dupont co. fell nearly 2 percent in trading tuesday after the chemical giant sharply curtailed its earnings estimate for the second "quarter," blaming a global economic slowdown and a strong dollar. shanghai b-share market got a
182 china early wednesday failed to prevent discussion by the united nations here of a western resolution criticizing beijing's human rights record. israel successfully launched an advanced spy satellite into orbit on "monday," officials "said," giving it a sophisticated new tool in its efforts to collect intelligence on archenemy iran and other regional adversaries. the body of polish president lech kaczynski will lie in state from tuesday for grieving citizens to pay "respects," as investigators probed the jet crash in russia that killed him and 95 others. q. i do all of the regular maintenance "suggested," like defragging and disk "cleanup," to keep my windows system tuned "up," but i find it still gets slower over time. why is this? greenpeace activists on thursday dumped two dead dolphins at the french embassy in london as part of a campaign to stop fishing trawlers snaring and killing dolphins in giant nets strung between them. complaints: the tahoe ltz makes no sense as a daily urban commuter. it's too big. but it makes perfect sense in a place such as the new orleans dead zone. after adding more than "10,000" new employees this "year," ibm corp.'s burgeoning global services group is laying off about "1,500" workers. on "friday," discounted funds on the china's securities investment fund market moved in "correction," with signs of capital flowing into funds with low price levels.                           
183 assembling a baseball """dream" "team""" among us professionals is hopeless for the 1996 atlanta "olympics," but could become reality by the 2000 sydney "games," us olympic coach skip bertman said. italian art of angels from the old and new testaments is part of an exclusive exhibit on loan from the vatican and on display through the end of the year at the mississippi museum of art. victims of paedophile priests in malta have demanded a meeting with pope benedict xvi when he visits the island this weekend. the united states has no intention of turning over a recently captured al-qaida official to another country for interrogation by brutal "means," defense secretary donald rumsfeld said wednesday. saint patrick's "day," the feast day of ireland's patron "saint," brought out a dash of green and dozens of irish politicians from dublin to tokyo via new "york," providing a little-needed excuse for "parties," parades and politics. if the events of the last two years had unfolded "differently," charles gibson would already be three weeks into "retirement," readying for a trip this fall with his wife to australia and new zealand. a russian airliner carrying 143 people was found burning outside the siberian city of "irkutsk," the news agency itar-tass "reported," citing the civil aviation authority. the output of china's information industry is to double in the next five years to account for 5 percent of the nation's gdp.                     
184 president bill clinton met with nato secretary general willy claes tuesday to discuss croatia's threat to kick un peacekeepers out at the end of the "month," the white house said. president george w. "bush," wading deeper into an issue that bitterly divides his "party," is pleading personally with skeptical republicans to resurrect his immigration bill. defending champion pittsburgh penguins try to reach their third-consecutive stanley cup finals while phoenix and los angeles are back in the post-season after long absences. airfare _ ever since the sept. 11 terrorist "attacks," when airlines radically changed their food "policies," america's domestic air travelers have learned to ask an important question before they board: is there a meal? five bids are competing for bulgaria's three umts telecommunication "licences," the communication regulation commission (crc) said after the call for bids expired thursday. for the seventh time this "year," senate republicans on wednesday blocked a measure to change u.s. policy in "iraq," beating back the latest democratic proposal to set a timeline for withdrawing troops. a russian airliner carrying 143 people was found burning outside the siberian city of "irkutsk," the news agency itar-tass "reported," citing the civil aviation authority. chinese president jiang zemin said friday that so long as china and japan uphold the principles set in their jointly-issued documents the two can contribute to the peace and stability in asia.                             
185 the shanghai securities exchange (sse) announced wednesday it would sell three-year tradeable treasury bonds to chinese investors from march 9 to march 17 the situation for civilians in afghanistan is worse now than it as a year "ago," a senior international red cross official said tuesday. rescuers raced thursday to reach survivors and faced the grim task of recovering bodies after a violent tropical storm devastated impoverished areas of india and bangladesh. five sudanese aviation students arrested at a private flying school here are suspected of belonging to the qaeda terror "group," a senior interior ministry official said wednesday. somali lawmakers debating a controversial peacekeeping force for their anarchic country brawled here thursday as the interclan violence that has plagued somalia for the last 14 years spilled over into its transitional parliament. in spring "2006," an essay appeared on the internet detailing collusion between the chinese government's food and drug watchdog agency and a pharmaceutical venture. it accused the country's highest-ranking regulator of accepting a lakeside house and hundreds of thousands of dollars from the kangliyuan group in exchange for production opec members agreed tuesday to continue pumping oil at current levels of production but braced for softer crude prices as iraq showed a willingness to resume its suspended oil shipments. shen xue and zhao hongbo of china led pairs competition after the short program at the skate america in "colorado," united "states," on thursday.                    
186 taliban student militants who have seized a third of afghanistan haved vowed to impose islam's shariah law across the war-torn "country," but economic realities appear to be tempering their campaign. "china," where 85 percent of its 1.3 billion population share just 100 "surnames," may soon allow children to take a combination of their parents' family names to avoid "confusion," state media reported tuesday. us senators back from afghanistan said wednesday that president hamid karzai gave assurances he supported us involvement after his string of biting criticisms of foreign powers. vijay singh used the flagstick on the sixth hole as a pointer "wednesday," tracing an imaginary line to the hole for amateur partner paul brown of duluth. the putt would break to the "right," singh told him. the ukrainian parliament thursday decided to cut the strength of the "285,000-member" armed forces by "40,000" and reduce the length of military service from 18 to 12 months for ordinary soldiers. ``star trek'' has appeared in enough incarnations through the years that even the most casual science-fiction viewer has probably been hooked by at least one version of the franchise. ``star trek: fan collective -- captain's "log,''" the latest installment in a series of themed ``star trek'' dvd "releases," is opec members agreed tuesday to continue pumping oil at current levels of production but braced for softer crude prices as iraq showed a willingness to resume its suspended oil shipments. the first world conference dealing with recuperating and preserving people's health will be held in december 26-31 in this
187 international arms makers have brought their big guns to the philippines following the government's decision to modernise its superannuated military hardware following the withdrawal of us defence forces from the country. new south wales forward luke bailey was cleared to play in wednesday's state-of-origin match against queensland despite injuring his chest in a training mishap on the eve of what could be the series decider. flights over northern norway were grounded late wednesday due to fear that ash from a volcano eruption in iceland could cloud "visibility," a spokesman for norway's airport network operator said. the bush administration wednesday faced a barrage of appeals from around the world urging the united states to respond more aggressively to stem the spiraling violence in the middle east. perpignan's former australian international manuel edmonds is facing a six month spell on the sidelines after suffering an injury on thursday. kiefer sutherland but not michael c. hall? ``grey's anatomy'' but not ``friday night lights''? in what sort of world does ``monk'' regularly get more attention than ``the "shield,''" and where was ``brotherhood'' "or," for that "matter," ``the wire''? when the national archives closes at the end of july "fourth," the declaration of independence will go out of sight as experts examine it and repair the display that houses it. "santiago," chile's "capital," loses 700 million u.s. dollars every year because of air "pollution," chilean national environment commission (cnec) said.                    
188 britain's industrial output fell by 0.5 percent in january from december while manufacturing production fell by 0.6 percent in the same "period," "official," seasonally-adjusted figures showed on wednesday. china underscored its opposition tuesday to australian leaders allowing a visit by the dalai "lama," saying the exiled spiritual leader is a """political" "exile""" promoting tibetan independence. sudanese president omar al-beshir's party reached out to the opposition on wednesday in a bid to save the credibility of a landmark vote boycotted by its key challengers. atlanta philanthropist bernard marcus is trumping the federal budget "process," pledging $3.90  million so the centers for disease control and prevention can buy equipment to handle bioterror emergencies. the us state department on thursday said it would neither forget nor stop talking about cuba's human rights """champions,""" as it urged fidel castro's regime to free political prisoners two years after a crackdown against dissidents. brightness has never seemed as menacing as it does in "``sunshine,''" the nail-bitingly tense science-fiction thriller that emphasizes both the fearsome power of our friend the sun and how bereft we earthlings would be without its warming rays. first-round draft pick john vanbenschoten signed with the pittsburgh pirates on tuesday for a $2.40  million bonus _ the biggest in team history. german secretary of state wolfgang ischinger met iraqi deputy foreign minister nizar hamdoon here "thursday," the first iraqi ranking official to visit germany after the gulf war.                    
189 jean-jacques eydelie became the last of the trio of players banned after the 1993 olympique marseille match-fixing scandal to find a club when he signed for portuguese champions benfica "lisbon," the sports daily a bola reported wednesday. actor bruce willis says he is glad to be back doing action films -- but at age "52," he admitted that surviving """die" hard "4.0""" was no easy task. flights over northern norway were grounded late wednesday due to fear that ash from a volcano eruption in iceland could cloud "visibility," a spokesman for norway's airport network operator said. the bush administration wednesday faced a barrage of appeals from around the world urging the united states to respond more aggressively to stem the spiraling violence in the middle east. the united states will deploy crack anti-drug "squads," beef up interdiction air power and tighten border surveillance to combat burgeoning opium production in "afghanistan," officials said thursday. a federal judge thursday dismissed a lawsuit by former cia operative valerie plame and her husband seeking damages against vice president dick "cheney," former cheney aide i. lewis ``scooter'' libby and two others she accused of conspiring to disclose her identity. ken caminiti figured the worst thing that could happen would be to return home and play with his three "daughters," so the frustrated and injury-prone third baseman didn't wait until august for the inevitable decision by the texas rangers. pete sampras of the united states on thursday pulled out of the season's final two masters series including paris open.  
190 gilbert grellet has been appointed chairman of afp's financial news subsidiary afx and will also head afp's europe and africa news "region," afp president lionel fleury announced wednesday. gold closed at us$653.05 an ounce on tuesday in hong "kong," up 90 u.s. cents an ounce from monday's close of us$652.15. a swiss individual is demanding that authorities prosecute roman catholic church leaders in two swiss dioceses for turning a blind eye to sex abuse by "priests," a judicial source said wednesday. ubs painewebber has agreed to pay $10.30  million to settle a two-year dispute with "nashville," "tenn.," which had accused the firm of charging excessive fees for managing its pension "fund," understating the risks in the fund's portfolio and misleading it about recommended investment strategies. retired major league baseball star mark mcgwire avoided having to make a direct denial of taking steroids under oath "thursday," while accuser jose canseco avoided swearing to his claims before us lawmakers. what about the widely accepted argument that harry potter attracted boys who would not otherwise have touched a book? here "again," holton and gioia find common ground. that 51 percent number about kids not reading for "fun," holton "says," breaks down to 61 percent boys and 41 percent girls. president bush will nominate california banker james gilleran as director of the office of thrift "supervision," white house officials announced tuesday. the current director agreed to resign but lodged an objection first. thomas enqvist of sweden and australian lleyton hewitt advanced to the quarter-finals of the swiss indoor tennis
191 the number of palestinians on the west "bank," gaza strip and in jerusalem reached 1.993 million at the end of "1993," israel's central bureau of statistics said wednesday. police are questioning three suspects in connection with an explosion in the kenyan capital's packed business district that killed one man and injured 37 "people," the police spokesman said tuesday. envoys of six major powers huddled behind closed doors at the un mission to the united nations here wednesday to resume substantive bargaining on new un sanctions against iran. the bush administration on wednesday began shifting its middle east policy after widespread "criticism," promising quicker and deeper involvement in searching for a political "solution," perhaps even before violence ends. president george w. bush on thursday promised to help the mccartney sisters from belfast seeking justice for their slain "brother," while encouraging moves to get the northern ireland peace process back on "track," officials said. the abrupt blackout ending of ``the sopranos'' finale may have left some fans "dissatisfied," but the hbo drama is poised to exit the television landscape with closure of another sort. the democratic house and senate campaign committees collected $38  million in the first half of the "year," setting new non-election year records for both. lausanne sports of switzerland edged ajax amsterdam of the netherlands jan-00 with a first-half goal by argentine striker javier mazzoni in the first leg of their uefa cup second round on thursday and there were also scares for inter milan and liverpool.       
192 the bundesbank said wednesday that turbulence on world foreign exchange markets was unjustified and that the central rates for currencies in the european exchange rate mechanism were in line with fundamental economic data. malta's home affairs minister tonio borg appealed to european union counterparts tuesday to help share the burden of taking in african refugees amid warnings that southern eu states were overwhelmed by current flows. four south african peacekeepers serving with a un-african union mission in the sudanese region of darfur were confirmed kidnapped on "wednesday," in the largest single abduction of foreigners in the war-torn region. a year after cincinnati was rocked by racial protest and street "violence," a tentative agreement has been reached to revamp the city police department's methods of dealing with the public to avoid racial profiling. tonga's pro-democracy movement has maintained its strong majority among popularly elected "mps," according to results released "friday," as the kingdom's 30-seat parliament prepares to offer commoners a cabinet position for the first time. defying a veto threat from president "bush," a senate panel on thursday overwhelmingly approved a compromise to expand health insurance for children of low-income working families by sharply hiking tobacco taxes. europe vetoed general electric co.'s $41  billion purchase of honeywell international inc. on "tuesday," though ge chairman jack welch left open the possibility of an "appeal," calling the rejection a ``setback.'' one hundred and seven athletes from 16 countries have geared up for the second leg of the international skating union (isu) short track world cup to be opened
193 ghana's finance minister kwesi botchwey was expected to meet student leaders wednesday after demonstrations to call for changes in education policy "here," a finance minstry source said. a u.n. committee is expected to rule on cambodia's request for """world" "heritage""" status for a well-known 11th century temple during a meeting later this "month," an official said tuesday. representatives of the secular bloc of former iraqi premier iyad allawi arrived in tehran on wednesday for talks with top iranian "officials," the tehran based al-alam television reported. israeli forces wednesday clashed with palestinian fighters throughout the northern west "bank," launched air strikes in response to a hezbollah missile attack across israel's border with "lebanon," and surrounded more than 100 armed palestinians holed up in the church of the nativity in bethlehem. the us senate made an 11th hour move thursday to keep a brain-damaged florida woman on life "support," less than a day before a feeding tube that has sustained her for 15 years was to be removed. in an era when googling has become a national "pastime," "schools," police "departments," businesses and governments are making it easier to research "neighborhoods," lessening the chances of buyer's remorse. a russian airliner crashed and burned in a forested area near the siberian city of irkutsk early "wednesday," killing all "aboard," the civil aviation authority "said," according to the itar-tass news agency. the latest statistics from east china's jiangsu province shows that newly endorsed contracted foreign capital flowing into jiangsu province during the first three months has reached 6.05 billion
194 malawi's president bakili muluzi has cancelled his trip to the un social summit under way in copenhagen since it would cost too "much," a malawi official said here wednesday. iran will make the united states """regret""" its detention of five iranian officials in "iraq," foreign minister manouchehr mottaki said tuesday. envoys of six major powers huddled behind closed doors at the un mission to the united nations here wednesday to resume substantive bargaining on new un sanctions against iran. they arrived in new york last "saturday," a group of wide-eyed high school seniors awed by their moment in history. by "monday," the shyness had worn off. they had sized each other up and the first mcdonald's all-american girls basketball team was ready to play. weather woes struck the pga tour again on thursday as the bay hill invitational saw barely three hours of first-round action amid thunderstorms and torrential rain. nbc began this week with a final kiss-off to its dethroned top "programmer," kevin "reilly," "who," as one of his successors explained to reporters at the tv press tour in beverly "hills," was never actually fired. "no," reilly simply had decided to fall on his sword several weeks ago nextwave "telecom," buoyed by a court that restored the bankrupt wireless company's rights to valuable airwave "licenses," has awarded a $100  million contract to lucent technologies to build a wireless network. a palestinian youth was shot dead in the violent clashes with israel defense forces (idf) friday evening at the erez checkpoint between gaza strip and
195 britain's industrial output fell by 0.5 percent in january from december while manufacturing production fell by 0.6 percent in the same "period," seasonally-adjusted official figures showed on wednesday. kara lawson scored 24 points to lead the sacramento monarchs to an 82-67 victory over the winless houston comets on monday night. an advisor to sudanese president omar al-beshir said on wednesday that the brussels-based think "tank," international crisis "group," is a """politicised""" organisation that will not be allowed to do research in the country. israeli tanks and troops also thrust into nablus. heavy fighting was reported at refugee camps outside the west bank's largest city. a team of experts from the international monetary fund encouraged haiti to mount vigorous reforms and to strengthen government management and "transparency," the fund said in a statement thursday. last "year," the emmys were knocked (and mocked) for recognizing a slew of programs that were off the air already. that won't be a problem this time around. nine of the 10 programs nominated in the two most coveted areas of the 59th annual emmy awards -- outstanding comedy sen. jim jeffords was greeted with "hugs," handshakes and some nonchalance when he stopped by a diner in his hometown "tuesday," his first return since shaking up washington with his party switch. zimbabwe and new zealand have joined the rank of another 10 countries to impose a ban on south africa's livestock and meat products to contain the spread of foot-and-mouth disease.           
196 foreign minister shimon peres wants to cap a sparkling career as secretary general of the united "nations," a senior official said wednesday. the death toll from a torrent of "mudslides," flooding and lightning in southeastern bangladesh rose to 105 tuesday after rescuers found 14 more "bodies," officials and witnesses said. ex-premier ehud olmert has cut short a european trip to answer questions in israel about an alleged largescale bribery scandal involving a former business "partner," media reported on wednesday. if matt kuchar has proven anything these past few "years," way before his breakthrough victory at the honda "classic," it's that he will do things his own way. the presidents of el "salvador," "guatemala," honduras and nicaragua are to ask the united states for help in fighting the problem of """maras,""" the central american origin street gangs that now sow insecurity americas-wide. president bush said thursday that he had considered sending u.s. troops unilaterally to darfur to stop the mass slaughter in that sudanese region but decided against it in favor of a multinational response that he conceded has been ``slow'' and ``tedious.'' receiver chris "daniels," who missed all of last season with a broken "collarbone," was released by the tampa bay buccaneers on tuesday. tanzanian president benjamin mkapa urged tanzanians on friday to vote wisely and elect leaders who will nurture the country's legacy of "peace," unity and solidarity.                          
197 the peseta nosedived to a new all-time low early friday afternoon on the london forex "market," hitting 93.3 to the german "mark," dresdner bank analyst elizabeth legge said. your work computer just suffered a major meltdown. maybe the operating system "failed," or a virus crashed the hard drive. news that banking giant goldman sachs has been charged with fraud sent asian stocks tumbling "monday," while airlines were hit as northern european airspace was closed due to the icelandic volcano. stating that the ``foundation for economic expansion'' has been laid but that the strength and sustainability of the recovery is still "uncertain," alan "greenspan," the federal reserve's "chairman," strongly suggested to congress on wednesday that monetary policy would remain unchanged for the foreseeable prime minister ariel sharon has told us officials there is no question of freezing israel's planned expansion of maale "adumim," the largest jewish settlement in the west "bank," an aide said thursday. "er," darlings -- are back where they ought to "be," make sure you keep an eye on their training for fall sports. the last thing you want is to have them injured and lounging on the couch where they have spent the past three months hollering for food. the heads of the west coast chapter of the hollywood performer unions have submitted a tentative contract settlement for a vote by the guilds' nearly "135,000" members. overseas direct investment in china during the first 10 months this year increased 37 percent in contractual volume from the same period last year.  
198 nippon challenge came from behind at the last mark to defeat spain's rioja de espana by 13 seconds and take the final position in the america's cup challenger semifinals here wednesday. romania's prime minister held talks tuesday with eu leaders on his country's troubled justice "system," amid concerns that the government lacks commitment to further reforms. next year's six nations will start on a friday for the first time when wales host england in "cardiff," organisers of europe's leading international rugby union tournament said wednesday. u.s. officials were scrambling thursday to determine whether a 22-year-old captive from the war in afghanistan is a u.s. citizen. the ugandan army said friday it killed seven lord's resistance army (lra) fighters and rescued 13 children from rebel captivity in clashes with the group in the war-scarred north of the country. even as president bush last week named four candidates to fill long-standing vacancies on federal appeals "courts," conservative legal activists were spoiling for a fight over what they call the unfair treatment of the president's judicial nominees. pudgy and "shy," 13-year-old matt shafer had an outlet in rap but few to really share it with _ until a chance day he saw bob ritchie work the deejay's turntable. the guatemalan government has asked a renewal of the u.n. verification mission in guatemala "(minugua)," the mission said in a communique issued in guatemala city on saturday.                       
199 the dollar was hovering around 91 yen in tokyo on thursday morning after it halted its downward slide overnight in overseas "markets," sending tokyo stock prices higher. the bush administration tuesday proposed cutting 1.5 million acres "(610,000" hectares) from northwest forests considered critical to the survival of the northern spotted "owl," reopening the 1990s battle between timber production and wildlife habitat on public lands. australia vice-captain michael clarke has been named as one of the wisden almanack's five cricketers of the year in the 2010 edition of cricket's 'bible'. stock options are all too often not working as they "should," says a critic whose identity may surprise some people. asian stocks closed mostly firmer friday in a modest technical rebound after sharp losses thursday sparked by a weaker wall street and record oil "prices," dealers said. attorneys for jose padilla and two co-defendants began their defense monday by casting doubt on the accuracy of fbi transcripts of wiretapped phone calls and assertions that the men spoke in code to mask criminal intent. ban investment in "cuba," even as foreign competitors scoop up big contracts. punish foreign companies that do business with iran and libya. cut foreign aid from countries to cover their unpaid new york city parking tickets. the redraw for the asian youth u19 championship in iran was held here on saturday. this redraw was done in accordance with the afc's executive committee's decision to separate kuwait and iraq in the preliminary stages of all afc tournament.       
200 dealing resumed thursday in funds and unit trusts of baring international fund managers in hong kong following the recent bail out of british merchant bank barings plc by dutch financial group ing. the red cross pledged tuesday to continue assistance in a battle-scarred palestinian refugee camp despite the death of two volunteers as lebanese "troops," backed by heavy artillery "barrages," chipped away at islamic militants barricaded in dense neighborhoods still housing thousands of civilians. greece's parliament on wednesday approved a sweeping tax overhaul designed to maximise the cash-strapped country's revenue as it battles an unprecedented debt crisis. sounding like a stern father mortified by the misdeeds of his "children," prime minister atal behari vajpayee visited the riot-torn state of gujarat on thursday and pleaded for an end to the continuing violence that has pitted muslims against hindus and left at least 815 people dead. ukraine admitted to the financial times newspaper friday that it had exported nuclear-capable cruise missiles to iran and "china," amid tense diplomatic debate over tehran's alleged quest for nuclear weaponry. united airlines said monday that it was upgrading its first-class and business-class sections and that it planned to add more coach-class seats to some planes that fly international routes. harvard and yale were among six american crews to celebrate the fourth of july with victories on the first day of the henley royal regatta. the asian cup in 2004 will see an increase in the number of participating nations to 16 "countries," four more than the current number of teams in
201 taiwan's security and exchange commission (sec) thursday lifted a week-long suspension on sales of barings-issued overseas mutual funds "here," sec officials said. president george w. "bush," honoring the memories of those killed in communist "regimes," said tuesday that their deaths should remind the american public that """evil" is real and must be "confronted.""" germany's catholic church is losing thousands of members in its southern heartland in the wake of revelations about paedophile "priests," a press report said on wednesday. president bush reversed his arm's length policy toward the middle east on thursday and launched an emergency peace mission that featured tough demands for cooperation by "israel," palestinians and arab nations. a milan derby and an emotional clash between old european rivals liverpool and juventus marked the draw for the quarter-finals of the champions league here on friday. the house judiciary committee announced monday that it will press toward a constitutional showdown with the bush administration over the u.s. attorney firings "scandal," even as embattled attorney general alberto gonzales vowed to stay on and ``fix the problems'' that have damaged the reputation and morale of the justice al manager joe torre selected seven of his new york yankees for next week's all-star "game," including four of the pitchers on his 10-man staff. a chinese man was recently sentenced to three years in prison and a fine of "80,000" yuan for pirating textbooks.                        
202 baring securities (philippines) "inc.," which stopped its operations in the aftermath of the collapse of parent barings "plc," has settled all transactions and is awaiting official permission to resume "trading," philippine stock exchange officials said thursday. gov. mike beebe joined corporate jet maker dassault falcon on tuesday in announcing a $20  million (euro15 million) expansion of company's operations in arkansas. us first lady michelle obama is set to meet mexico's first lady "wednesday," then visit students and a museum on the first full day of her trip to mexico and her first official solo outing. the united states will try to move a step closer to its 32nd davis cup title when it plays spain this weekend here at the westside tennis club. three of spain's nine nuclear power plants have seen production come to a halt owing to various "faults," the country's nuclear watchdog csn said friday. federal judges who have been trying for more than a decade to improve medical care in california's overcrowded prisons called gov. arnold schwarzenegger's latest plans insufficient and cleared the way monday for a three-judge panel to cap the state's prison population. as an 11-year-old swimmer in a remote community in western "canada," dick pound asked his coach about the provincial record for his age group in the 50-meter freestyle. china's leading industrial and commercial city shanghai exported 8.7 billion u.s. dollars worth of machinery and electronics products over the first three quarters of the "year," an increase of 42.8 percent on a yearly basis.   
203 japan's kyocera corp. has decided to raise the export prices of its products "soon," reflecting the recent upsurge of the yen against the "dollar," a spokesman for the world's largest manufacturer of integrated ceramic packages said thursday. the indian cricket team's winter season this year will start with 12 limited-overs internationals against australia and "pakistan," the board of control for cricket in india (bcci) said tuesday. france on wednesday condemned the vatican for blaming gay priests for the paedophile "scandal," saying it was """unacceptable""" to lump the two together. atlanta - media critics say cnn anchor lou dobbs should have disclosed his ties to arthur andersen when he criticized the justice department's prosecution of the firm. a bomb hidden in a toilet ripped through a passenger train in restive southwestern pakistan "friday," killing one person and injuring five "others," officials said. members of the family that controls dow jones met in person and by phone at a boston law office monday to hear details of rupert murdoch's $5  billion bid for their company. al manager joe torre selected seven of his new york yankees for next week's all-star "game," including four of the pitchers on his 10-man staff. "moscow," october 29 (xinhua) -- russia's pro-kremlin party unity adopted a new program sunday at its second congress in the country's third biggest city of veliky "novgorod," which declares unity will be a """party" of presidential "authority."""                    
204 japan's nec corp. will start importing next month 16-megabit dynamic random access memory (dram) chips from its us plant as part of efforts to cope with the yen's rapid "rise," a spokesman said thursday. hamas gunmen attacked the headquarters of fatah-allied forces in northern gaza with mortars and grenades tuesday and captured several smaller "positions," in what palestinian president mahmoud abbas of fatah alleged was a coup attempt by the islamic militants. the un nuclear watchdog called for increased funding to maintain its campaign to ensure global atomic "security," which president barack obama's nuclear summit this week hailed as """essential""." the first military command charged with defending the continental united states from terrorist attacks and responding to natural disasters could be formally approved by the end of the "month," richard "myers," chairman of joint chiefs of "staff," said thursday. indian batsmen sachin tendulkar and rahul dravid built on anil kumble's effort with half-centuries to put the second test against pakistan in an intriguing position here on friday. the house judiciary committee said monday that it would move forward with contempt of congress proceedings against president bush's chief of "staff," joshua "bolten," and former white house counsel harriet e. miers for refusing to comply with congressional subpoenas pertaining to the investigation of the firing of eight u.s. food lion and kash n' karry grocery chains pulled their store brand white corn tortilla chips from shelves tuesday in response to concerns raised by the food and drug administration about starlink genetically modified corn used in the chips.
205 a man was shot dead and fifteen others injured when zambian policemen clashed with citizens rioting in protest against alleged ritual murders by a local "businessman," police said monday. u.s. president george w. bush expressed confidence on monday about passing an immigration bill and said a senate vote of no-confidence in alberto gonzales would have no bearing on his service as attorney general. french president nicolas sarkozy announced tuesday in washington that he would visit china later this "month," joined by his "wife," carla bruni-sarkozy. these columns for release "tuesday," april "2," 2002 are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. media and entertainment giant viacom inc. said wednesday it may split into two divisions with one focussing on """growth""" and the "other," more traditional "arm," aiming for """value""." i don't know if ``harry potter and the order of the phoenix'' is a good movie -- i haven't seen it. but i'm pretty certain that it shouldn't be judged as a movie at all. it is a visual representation of a book in which of people are two car bombs blew up monday in the working class town of "yehud," just hours after three palestinian militants were killed by missiles fired by an israeli helicopter in a pinpointed attack. australia's farmers should remember rising fuel prices were hitting farmers worldwide and not just "them," deputy prime minister and national party leader john anderson said tuesday.                
206 nelson mandela appears reluctant to take public action against his estranged wife "winnie," despite a report thursday that a decision has already been taken to fire the deputy minister from government. the government on tuesday gave its preliminary approval to a management and employee buy-out of "lattelecom," the country's dominant landline telecommunications operator. under fire from "critics," president barack obama will outline a """bold""" new vision of us space exploration on thursday when he addresses "astronauts," workers and lawmakers at the kennedy space center in florida. president bush reversed course on thursday and thrust his administration into a central role in the middle east "crisis," demanding that israel begin withdrawing from the west bank and telling arab nations and yasser arafat that they must actively oppose terrorism if they are to have any hope of twin bomb blasts ripped through two trains travelling in opposite directions in restive southwestern pakistan "friday," killing one person and injuring a total of "nine," officials said. although it is true that kissinger used the ``opening to china'' to pressure north "vietnam," he also gave private assurances to chinese premier chou en-lai in june 1972 that all he really wanted was a ``reasonable interval between the military outcome and the political outcome.'' what kind of political alex glueck led a 2-jan finish by ski jumpers from steamboat "springs," "colo.," on wednesday and bested a field of 30 to win the 90-meter 53rd summer ski jump in lake placid. the latest sampling examination shows that the quality of energy-saving fluorescent "lights,"
207 plo leader yasser arafat held talks here thursday with israeli foreign minister shimon peres to try to end months of deadlock in extending palestinian self-rule. gay couples have been marrying in massachusetts for more than three "years," but the battle over same-sex marriage in the only state that allows it is anything but settled. the president of comoros has said he is "ready," under certain "conditions," to bring forward the date of presidential "polls," the cause of political tension in the indian ocean archipelago. when the lanky high school senior swaggered down a hallway inside the nbc television studios on his way to the set of the rosie o'donnell show earlier this "week," dozens of production staffers "stared," "upward," way "up," at the 6-foot-10 jason fraser. they are used to seeing "stars," but the international criminal tribunal for former yugoslavia (icty) was scheduled friday to open the trial of the first macedonian indicted for war crimes in the balkans. if you and your significant other live together in harmony but his black leather couch battles your pink flowered "chairs," you may want to consider getting ``tweak'd.'' yanic "perreault," a center who spent two seasons with the toronto maple "leafs," signed a "three-year," $8.40  million contract with the montreal canadiens on wednesday. the israel defense forces (idf) has been authorized to take greater """initiated" "operations""" in battling palestinian gunmen in the west bank and gaza "strip," israel radio reported monday.                
208 skipper jamie siddons scored 170 runs to lift south australia's chances of hosting this season's sheffield shield final after the opening day of their match against competition leaders queensland here thursday. federal health authorities were responding tuesday to reports that 11 people were ill on a flight from mexico to miami international airport. british bishop richard williamson will not be present at his trial in germany on friday for questioning the "holocaust," his lawyer told "afp," saying he will represent the clergyman. three french impressionist oil paintings valued at "$500,000 " have been donated to california state "university," "northridge," in what is believed to be the largest donation of artwork ever received by the san fernando valley's only four-year university. a couple in a bmw were stopped with more than "90,000" ecstasy tablets in a car arriving in poland from the "netherlands," the country's largest ever seizure of the designer "drug," police said here on friday. the komfort pets "carrier," billed as the first to offer heating and "cooling," is being hyped by its creators as a product as revolutionary as the fax machine or cellphone. if you're a labrador or a "siamese," maybe it is. like overnight "queues," rain "delays," and bad "bounces," a semifinal match between andre agassi and patrick rafter has become part of wimbledon tradition. german chancellor gerhard schroeder arrived here monday to continue his mediation efforts to end the month-long palestinian-israeli "conflicts," which have so far claimed over 130 lives.           
209 the world indoor athletics championships lurched from bad to worst here thursday when linford christie refused to take the place of a british team-mate and spanish immigration officials turned away african middle distance star venuste niyongabo. hundreds of hamas fighters firing rockets and mortar shells captured the headquarters of the fatah-allied security forces in northern gaza on "tuesday," scoring a key victory in the bloody battle for control of gaza. the master and chief watch officer of a chinese coal carrier that ran aground on the great barrier reef have been arrested and charged over the "incident," australian police said wednesday. three years "ago," cbs announced a bold move _ it would invest $30  million in a glass studio for a new 7 a.m. program that would have one of the biggest names in morning "television," bryant "gumbel," as its host. us president george w. bush will meet israeli prime minister ariel sharon at his texas ranch on april "11," the white house announced friday. new york star-chitect david rockwell has designed it all: sets for broadway's tony-winning 2002 musical ``hairspray'' and the 2000 revival of ``the rocky horror show''; manhattan's famed fusion restaurant nobu; and "homes," "stores," lighting and barware. he is also an interior design magazine hall of famer. critics of the way capital punishment is administered say that supreme court justice sandra day o'connor helped their reform effort with her unexpected public skepticism on the issue. the indonesia's central "bank," bank "indonesia," indicated here monday it would raise interest rate as part
210 british foreign office minister douglas hogg has cancelled a visit to jerusalem amid israeli protests at a planned meeting with plo officials in the eastern "sector," officials said thursday. cbs corp. chief executive leslie moonves shot back at former cbs news anchor dan rather on "tuesday," saying his characterization of the network """tarting""" up its newscast with anchor katie couric was """sexist.""" a chinese court on wednesday sentenced to death a former top police and judicial official who was accused of sheltering criminal gangs in the southwestern city of "chongqing," state media said. two research teams have deciphered the genetic blueprint of the rice "plant," an achievement scientists say will lead to "hardier," improved varieties of the food crop that more than 3 billion people depend on for their lives. more than 70 czech "politicians," "artists," intellectuals and sports stars voluntarily agreed to be locked in a mock prison cell in central prague friday in a symbolic protest over the plight of cuban dissidents. colombia's largest rebel "group," already accused of executing 11 civilian hostages last "month," faced a new charge wednesday: a report by human rights watch says the group is increasingly planting land mines that kill and maim more people than in any other country in the world. better relations between india and pakistan are impossible without first resolving the dispute over "kashmir," the himalayan region considered one of the world's most dangerous "flashpoints," pakistan's president said in an interview. """economic" situation in the year 2001 would be relatively much better than (the
211 cuban president fidel castro is to meet french head of state francois mitterrand for lunch at the elysee palace on "monday," officials said thursday. kenneth salmon has traveled from jamaica to work summers at the stately grand hotel on mackinac island for more than three decades. now he fears that congress and the president could doom his job. china's national pension fund plans to invest at least 15 billion yuan (2.2 billion dollars) in the agricultural bank of china ahead of the lender's planned "listing," state media reported wednesday. the 25th annual mcdonald's high school all-american boys' basketball "game," played thursday night at madison square "garden," turned into one of the most impressive performances by the home team all season in the garden as the east trounced the "west," 138-107. "continental," the german maker of tyres and car "parts," said friday it planned to pay an increased dividend of 0.8 (1.07 dollars) for 2004 compared with 0.52 euros a year earlier. just before her vacation last "year," joye marino hired a housecleaning service to wash all her "windows," scrub and wax the "floors," dust the baseboards and woodwork and polish the furniture. she had her car detailed inside and "out," and paid a couple of neighborhood kids to pull "weeds," brian giles homered twice after his selection for the all-star "game," and the pittsburgh pirates finally escaped last place by drubbing the cincinnati reds 14-3 on wednesday. delhi police announced monday busting of major international narco-terrorism activities with the arrest of eight pakistani inter-services intelligence
212 tibetans living in france are to rally in central paris friday to mark the 36th anniversary of the 1959 failed tibetan uprising against chinese "rule," the organizers said. a church deacon was charged with stabbing his preacher wife to death in their "home," just a few doors down from their tiny church. australian miner macarthur said wednesday it would convene its board members to consider a fresh takeover bid by new hope corp -- the latest in a series of offers for the coal firm. a second prominent new yorker entered california's gubernatorial race thursday as u.s. sen. hillary rodham clinton endorsed gov. gray davis on a two-day swing through the golden state. six "women," all of them workers on a tomato farm were killed and 77 others wounded when a truck carrying them home overturned on a steep hill in northern south "africa," police said friday. "instead," federal farm policies specifically bypass family farmers. subsidies are paid per "acre," so the largest (and most profitable) agribusinesses automatically receive the biggest checks. "consequently," commercial farmers -- who report an average annual income of "$200,000 " and a net worth of nearly $2  million -- collect the majority with his team mired in fourth "place," new york mets manager bobby valentine saw fit to bring only two of his players to the all-star game. nineteen new ebola cases have been admitted to hospital and two deaths reported in gulu district in northern uganda in the past 48 "hours," bring the total number of cases to 224 and
213 a hike in cases of fraud is sapping the european union "budget," with "2,420" cases reported last year costing more than half a billion "dollars," according to a confidential eu report obtained by afp. an electric cable fell onto two train platforms at copenhagen's main railway station on "tuesday," injuring at least seven "people," police said. the master and chief watch officer of a chinese coal carrier that ran aground on the great barrier reef have been arrested and charged over the "incident," australian police said wednesday. for nearly two "decades," shehnaz bokhari has publicly championed the cause of women's rights in "pakistan," defending and housing abused women who have little legal recourse in a blatantly male- dominated society. turkey coach ersun yanal on friday announced a 24-man squad for two world cup 2006 "qualifiers," against albania on march 26 in istanbul and against georgia on march 30 in tbilisi. although national olympic committees ultimately select the "competitors," technical rules in track and field are enforced by the iaaf. and one of its rules forbids ``technical aids that give the competitor an advantage over someone not using them.'' as prosthetics improve and training techniques "advance," such cases are likely an estimated "50,000" puerto ricans gathered for a fourth of july bash "wednesday," trumpeting u.s. statehood for the territory at a time when navy bombing on vieques island has stoked sentiments of island nationalism. the last two bodies of occupants of the light plane that crashed into lake victoria near uganda's entebbe international airport last monday
214 the plo must step up efforts to end terror attacks before israel can agree to move on to the next phase of palestinian "self-rule," us secretary of state warren chrisopher said thursday. a top u.s. army investigator has apologized to new mexico national guard soldiers who were ordered to strip to their gym shorts and were searched for gang tattoos while they were on duty in kuwait. harry potter author j.k. rowling entered britain's election campaign wednesday with a scathing attack on the main opposition conservatives for their social policies. the university of california and other colleges recalled students from israel this "week," but medical student melissa "kahn," a resident of calabasas in southern ventura "county," has started packing her bags for a saturday flight back to the violence-plagued country. ferrari were on friday accused by the other nine teams on the grand prix grid of using an """unequal" "advantage""" to improve their competitiveness this season. how the tomatoes are grown also might matter. a study published june 23 in the journal of agricultural and food chemistry found that tomatoes grown using organic farming techniques produce more "flavonoids," which have similar antioxidant properties to lycopene (lycopene is technically a "carotenoid," not flavonoid) than do conventionally in addition to educating america's "youth," teachers often ``are in the business of rescue and "redemption,''" the president of the national education association said wednesday. a 14-member crew of an italian tanker caught by storm off the coast of brittany in western france was airlifted to safety monday morning in
215 sporadic fighting broke out thursday as afghanistan's taliban student militia pursued their advance into southwest "kabul," harried by the forces of president burhanuddin rabbani. the u.s. military is probing how guards failed to prevent the death of a guantanamo bay detainee last "month," an apparent suicide in one of the most closely monitored detention camps for suspected al-qaida and taliban "members," the top commander said tuesday. seven people have been admitted to a new delhi hospital after being exposed to radioactive "waste," police said "wednesday," raising fears over the lax disposal of hazardous material in india. the anaheim angels will be without closer troy percival for the three-game series against the texas rangers starting tonight because percival has a strained intercostal muscle on his right side. manager mike scioscia said he'll implement a "closer-by-committee," going by matchups and availability. france handed england a shock defeat at the world cup sevens rugby here on "friday," ending a three-year unbeaten streak and badly denting their hopes of uniting the 15-a-side and sevens world titles. albert "ellis," a provocative psychologist who repudiated long-held freudian beliefs to develop a straightforward form of behavioral therapy that has become one of the most widely practiced methods of psychological "treatment," died tuesday at his home in new york. he had pneumonia and had suffered a heart attack in new york mets_activated rhp donne wall from the 15-day disabled list. optioned rhp grant roberts to norfolk of the international league. "hitachi," a noted japanese "corporation," will invest heavily in the west china "region,"
216 president bill clinton has decided to lift the ban on us fund raising activities by gerry "adams," the leader of sinn "fein," the political wing of the "ira," the white house announced thursday. a man admitted tuesday to conspiring to steal highly valuable flat-panel-glass blueprints from corning inc. and turn them over to a rival business in taiwan. australia's competition watchdog has cleared shell and petrochina's joint takeover of arrow "energy," which would give them an important presence in the nascent coal seam gas industry. the title of gary burns's ``waydowntown'' "refers," in robust black-comedy "fashion," to the preferred method of suicide to which its cubicle slaves are driven. when they can't take it any "longer," they hurl themselves through the plate-glass windows of the office slabs in which they "work," splattering themselves on shiite and kurdish leaders said friday that iraq's next government could be formed within a week as they courted sunnis and outgoing prime minister iyad allawi to join a coalition. fear that the housing market's woes could dent consumer spending and inflict broad damage on the u.s. economy pushed u.s. stocks down sharply thursday. tony "leswick," the feisty detroit red wings forward who ended the 1954 stanley cup finals with a game 7 overtime goal against "montreal," has died. he was 78 late opening of polling "stations," late delivery of ballot "materials," accusations and counter-accusations reigned in the indian ocean archipelago of zanzibar as people in the isles braved the scorching sun to vote in its second multi-party elections held on
217 a tunnel found to be leading to the esplanade of mosques in jerusalem was excavated as part of an archaeological "project," a moslem body said here "thursday," calming palestinian fears that it may have been dug by jewish extremists. reluctant u.s. lawmakers restored $50  million ($37.5 million) in military aid to pakistan on tuesday to help it weather its current political turmoil as a bill to finance u.s. foreign aid advanced in congress. singapore said wednesday it expects the economy to expand up to 9 percent this "year," sharply raising its forecast as the city-state staged a dramatic turnaround from recession. musicians often claim to have open minds _ and then along comes a band like nickel creek that redefines the concept. nickel creek rose out of the bluegrass "community," but it now writes songs that bridge genres with "ease," from classical to rock to "jazz," from country hoedowns to a day after proposing tax cuts intended to reduce record "unemployment," german chancellor gerhard schroeder found his governing coalition mired in fresh political problems on friday. the california supreme court ruled wednesday that police may not confiscate the cars of suspected prostitutes or drug dealers unless the owners are convicted first. gary sheffield hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth "inning," and paul lo duca hit his third homer in two games as the los angeles dodgers won their ninth straight with a 3-apr victory over the san francisco giants on wednesday night. iranian president mohammad khatami here on monday stressed the need for improved
218 wall street share prices opened higher "thursday," thanks to a more stable dollar as investors took advantage of the calm to adjust their positions ahead of friday's publication of us jobless figures for february. police in las vegas shot and killed a woman on a busy roadway tuesday after she walked into traffic with a child and threatened passing drivers with a "knife," authorities said. a chinese court on wednesday was to deliver its verdict in the case of a former top official accused of sheltering criminal gangs in the city of "chongqing," where mafia kingpins ran rampant for years. college credit for studying the dave matthews band? "yes," you can get it if you enroll at oberlin college in "ohio," where there's a course on the music and history of the band. portugal's new socialist government unveiled a four-year program friday that aims to create "150,000" jobs and reach economic growth of three percent by 2009 even as it closes a stubborn public defict. a federal judge in boston thursday ordered the government to pay a record $101  million for the fbi's role in the 1968 wrongful murder convictions of four men and powerfully condemned misconduct that she said ran ``all the way up to the fbi director.'' gary sheffield hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth "inning," and paul lo duca hit his third homer in two games as the los angeles dodgers won their ninth straight with a 3-apr victory over the san francisco giants on wednesday night. six african leaders arrived
219 the bolshoi ballet's top choreographer yuri grigorovich resigned thursday from his job of more than 30 years in protest against staff changes decreed by president boris yeltsin. dna consistent with phil spector's genetic markers was found on lana clarkson's breast but was not on the gun that killed "her," on the bullets in the weapon or under her broken "fingernail," a sheriff's criminalist testified tuesday. south korea's press on wednesday gave a guarded welcome to the news that seoul is to host a nuclear security summit in "2012," saying the occasion should be used to persuade north korea to disarm. handball is totally off the wall as a "sport," figuratively and literally. some aficionados say following a ball that's hardly bigger than a pill _ 2 inches of hard rubber zinging at 70 miles per hour _ leads to a zen state. others simply call the sport a lifetime a handyman working at david letterman's montana ranch has been charged with plotting to kidnap the us late-night talk show host's 16-month-old son and "nanny," officials said friday. months after a committee of ca inc.'s board released a report that detailed the company's past culture of fraud but advised against pursuing claims against board "members," lawyers for dissident shareholder sam wyly in a response blasted the effort as ``a whitewash.'' lauren jackson had 18 points and 12 rebounds and jamie redd added 18 points as the seattle storm beat the portland fire 61-56 wednesday night. u.s. president bill clinton has urged congressional republicans to apologize for
220 experts from the united states and 11 central-east european countries held a conference here to harmonise methods to control the spreading of strategic arms in the "region," they told the press thursday. reluctant u.s. lawmakers restored $50  million (euro37.5 million) in military aid to pakistan on tuesday to help it weather its current political turmoil as a bill to finance u.s. foreign aid advanced in congress. hong kong's leading english-language daily the south china morning post apologised on wednesday after a photo caption misidentified china's president hu jintao as a jailed human rights campaigner. the trial of four men accused in the kidnapping and murder of daniel "pearl," a wall street journal "reporter," began friday with an hour of legal maneuvering and then was adjourned for a week. a group of eight (g8) ministerial meeting on friday promised firm action on illegal logging and to help africa cope with the effects of climate change. exposure to air pollution can increase the likelihood of cardiovascular "disease," medical investigators have found in an analysis that demonstrated how particulate matter from diesel exhaust increases hardening of the arteries. sterling hitchcock pitched seven strong innings in his first start in more than a "year," and bubba trammell hit his first career grand slam as the san diego padres beat the colorado rockies 3-aug wednesday night. "cammaert," who has served as chief of staff of the dutch marine "corps," will lead a "4,200-member" force to supervise a cease-fire along the 100-kilometer common border of the two neighboring countries in the
221 the bolshoi ballet's top choreographer yuri grigorovich resigned thursday from his job of more than 30 years in protest against staff changes decreed by president boris yeltsin. actress mala "powers," who played roxanne to jose ferrer's """cyrano" de "bergerac""" and starred in other films of the 1940s and "1950s," has died. she was 76 the obama administration's plans to stabilize the housing market and stave off foreclosures is progressing too "slowly," a congressional watchdog body said on wednesday. "politics," as much as "policy," will drive this week's senate debate over the most controversial issue involving america's energy future _ whether to allow oil and gas exploration in alaska's federally protected arctic national wildlife refuge. a french court on friday rejected the final appeal of a former italian revolutionary seeking to block his extradition to face life in prison in italy for "murder," but the one-time radical is still at large. as congress prepares for a period of intense work on the federal "budget," president bush on thursday portrayed the coming political fight as a philosophical conflict between tax-friendly democrats and republicans seeking to protect americans' wallets. thousands of haitians living in the bahamas crowded into a church auditorium to welcome haitian president jean-bertrand aristide after his arrival for an annual summit of caribbean leaders. difficult weather conditions were continuing across southern england and wales monday evening after a day of chaos caused by the worst storms for a decade.                
222 the paris bourse came a cropper on thursday as the cac 40 index was down 1.84 percent to 1.724.40 points an hour before the close. a retired fbi agent who helped arrest a reputed ku klux klansman on a state murder charge in the 1964 deaths of two black mississippi teenagers said tuesday that james ford seale told him he was """not" going to "admit""" to the crime. a strong earthquake killed at least 67 people and buried many others in a remote area of northwestern china on "wednesday," the government "said," amid reports of heavy damage. these business stories for release "saturday," april 6 and "sunday," april "7," "2002," are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. zimbabwe's president robert mugabe on friday urged his supporters to vote for his party's candidates in crunch upcoming parliamentary elections regardless of any of its shortcomings. exxon mobil corp. profit slipped about 1 percent in the second "quarter," disappointing analysts as higher exploration and production costs and lower oil and gas production offset big earnings in the refining and marketing end of the business. a blaze on a fireworks barge off the coast of this resort city wednesday night launched exploding shells into the air for about 30 minutes after the finale of a fourth of july display. the united states and the democratic people's republic of korea (dprk) will hold talks on missile issues beginning wednesday in the malaysian capital of kuala "lumpur," the u.s. state department said monday.   
223 a truck carrying low-level nuclear waste crashed off a motorway into a ditch "thursday," but police said the load was """non-hazardous""" and posed no threat to safety. prosecutors on tuesday played jose padilla's intercepted phone calls in which the man accused of being an al-qaida operative spoke of waiting for an """open" "door""" to what the u.s. government claims was his planned participation in jihad. a strong earnings report from us chip giant intel boosted most asian shares wednesday but some traders kept to the sidelines as they awaited key economic news from the united states and china. these business stories for release "saturday," april 6 and "sunday," april "7," "2002," are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. world oil prices rose slightly on "friday," a day after surging to fresh record high points nearing 58 dollars in new york amid robust global demand. the army secretary is expected to take the rare step of recommending a "retired," three-star general be demoted for misleading investigators probing the military's handling of the 2004 death of army ranger pat "tillman," defense officials said thursday. two strong earthquakes struck near a small island south of tokyo thursday "morning," but there were no reports of damage or injuries. iraq on monday informed the united nations that it would delay for a week its intention of receiving payments for oil exports in the euro.                     
224 britain's second largest textiles "group," courtaulds "textiles," raised pre-tax profits to 47.3 million pounds (75.6 million dollars) in "1994," up 22 percent from 38.3 million pounds in "1993," the group said thursday. health officials trying to stop a globetrotting american honeymooner with a dangerous form of tuberculosis got little assistance from his lawyer father and his future "father-in-law," a tb expert who not only balked at stopping the greek wedding but went to the ceremony "himself," according to e-mails obtained by thailand's anti-government """red" "shirts""" said wednesday they would reinforce a mass rally in the heart of bangkok's commercial "district," leaving another protest site in the historic district. these feature stories are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. stories are for release "saturday," april 6 and "sunday," april "7," "2002," unless otherwise embargoed. british tourists should return to sri lanka despite the devastating impact of the december 26 "tsunami," sri lankan foreign minister lakshman kadirgamar said here friday. here we go again. only five trading sessions after the widely watched dow jones industrial average gladdened many investors by closing above the "14,000" milestone for the first "time," it sickened stomachs instead. the venerable barometer of blue-chip u.s. stocks plunged by as much as 450 points in the a typhoon lashed southern taiwan early "thursday," hours after it battered the northern philippines with winds nearing 90 mph and heavy rains that left at least 23 people dead there. u.s. president bill clinton signed a bill monday to approve an additional 1
225 us secretary of state warren christopher will meet russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev from march 21-23 most likely in "geneva," american officials said here thursday. coming off yahoo inc.'s toughest year since the dot-com "bust," chairman terry semel remained upbeat tuesday as he faced shareholders who have watched their investments shrink while rival google inc. sprinted further ahead in the online advertising race. chinese property prices rose at the fastest pace in nearly five years in "march," official data showed "wednesday," amid growing fears of a bubble developing in the real estate market. these feature stories are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. stories are for release "saturday," april 6 and "sunday," april "7," "2002," unless otherwise embargoed. ukraine has sold nuclear-capable cruise missiles to both china and "iran," the prosecutor-general's office said friday but stressed that the deals were illegal and under criminal investigation. president bush stepped up his criticism of the democratic-controlled congress "thursday," accusing members of being fiscally irresponsible and ``dragging their feet'' on spending bills needed to keep the government running beyond sept. 30 a 15-year-old ohio boy speaks of friends jailed for drinking and driving. a 17-year-old from tennessee talks of classmates who use the school bathroom to get an early start on drinking. and a 20-year-old college student from maryland says a priority her freshman year was to track down a wall street stocks ended mixed monday with blue chips "rising," but the tech issues fell on worries about corporate earnings.   
226 italy's growing band of mafia informants must keep a low profile if they want to stay "alive," the interior ministry cautioned thursday amid signs of a mounting mafia terror campaign to eliminate turncoats. a u.s. diplomat accused iran of transferring weapons to taliban insurgents in afghanistan -- the most direct comments yet on the issue by a ranking american official. japan's shinsei bank is likely to report a net loss of more than 100 billion yen (1.1 billion dollars) for the year ended "march," a report said wednesday. since sept. "11," army gen. tommy franks has been a reluctant "celebrity," forced into the international spotlight by america's war on terrorism. rival lawyers in michael jackson's child sex trial wrangled friday over whether his jurors should be told about two previous allegations that the star molested young boys. call it the "``fuzzumentary,''" this new documentary sub-genre in which creatures of the wild -- think the birds of ``winged "migration,''" or the emperors of ``march of the penguins'' -- are turned into almost-human characters on the big screen. wildlife footage is combined with an off-screen narrator to concoct united states collegiate golfers won seven singles matches thursday to beat their japanese counterparts for the sixth straight year in the annual collegiate golf championship. palestinian leader yasser arafat reaffirmed here on tuesday that the overnight israeli air raids against targets in the west bank and gaza would not stop """" palestinian children from hurling stones to defend "jerusalem."""          
227 a total of 27 people have died of spinal meningitis around the eastern sierra leone town of koidu this "year," the un children's fund (unicef) said here thursday. prime minister bertie ahern's long-ruling fianna fail party and the left-wing greens announced an agreement to forge a coalition unprecedented in irish political history. mexico's roman catholic church on tuesday sought pardon for child sex abuse "cases," after the admission by an influential religious order that their founder was involved in sexual abuse. amid a us war on terror that has strained the fabric of this fractious "country," president general pervez musharraf friday asked the people of pakistan to keep him as their head of state for five more years. england's greg owen charged into a share of the lead here friday at the bay hill invitational before a last-hole double bogey left him two strokes behind leader joe ogilvie after the first round. a quiet realm greets kim todd as she arrives at work. "schoona," a green sea turtle rescued from frigid canadian waters after a wrong turn somewhere "south," glides by in the big tank at the vancouver aquarium. the lurking "caimans," cousins of "alligators," watch her "pass," breakfast but for original beach boys member al jardine has sued his former band mates for about $4  "million," claiming they excluded him from recent "concerts," his attorney said. """nuclear" power plant certainly has a future in asia because asia is developing and requires enormous amount of energy for "development,""" said manoon "aramrattana," deputy secretary general of
228 the mexican peso slumped to a new record low of 7.55 against the dollar thursday amid persistent rumors -- denied by officials -- that a suspension of trading in the currency was imminent. at least 108 people have been killed this week in southeastern "bangladesh," where the heaviest monsoon rains in years have triggered mudslides and floods. mexico's roman catholic church on tuesday sought pardon for child sex abuse "cases," after the admission by an influential religious order that their founder had been a sexual molester. enron has sued its rival for terminating their merger agreement in "november," claiming the break-up forced it to file for bankruptcy days later. the feeding tube of a comatose florida woman was removed under a judge's orders friday after a day of conflicting legal orders and attempted intervention by federal legislators in the "case," local media reported. with the sale this summer of his malibu "home," mel gibson is proving to be a shrewd player in the real-life version of monopoly. an appeals chamber of the u.n. war crimes tribunal upheld a 40-year sentence thursday for a bosnian serb who pleaded guilty to murdering "muslims," but rejected a prosecution request to reverse his acquittal for genocide. philippine secretary of the department of interior and local government alfredo lim vowed tuesday a no-nonsense implementation of the reforms that president joseph estrada ordered him to carry out monday night.                      
229 millions of dollars in alleged proceeds of organised crime was confiscated from a roman businessman "thursday," a move which the chief state prosecutor said smashed a giant money laundering operation. bickering african countries threw an international trade conference into deadlock over whether to ease an 18-year ban on ivory "sales," with opponents warning it will increase the poaching threat in countries where elephants have almost disappeared. japanese share prices opened higher on "wednesday," with the benchmark nikkei-225 index rising 72.76 "points," or 0.65 "percent," to "11,233.99" in the first few minutes of trading. the tune is familiar: the '60s hit ``my guy.'' but the lyrics are far less affectionate than the original's. ``nothing i can do 'cause it sticks like glue _ to my "thighs,''" sings the iowa housewife. ``no matter what i "eat," there's always cellulite _ on my thighs.'' a judge on friday ordered a special hearing to help him decide whether two boys who previously accused michael jackson of abuse will testify in front trial jurors. eleven people -- mostly police -- were killed friday in an explosion near the red "mosque," and pakistani authorities seized control of the mosque after angry protesters stormed the building and forced a government-appointed cleric to flee. hannelore "kohl," the wife of former german chancellor helmut "kohl," has died at the family's home in the western city of "ludwigshafen," officials said thursday. she was 68 """we" have always maintained that there should be de-escalation and lowering of tension because escalation can only aggravate the situation and
230 us trade representative mickey kantor said thursday that the united states was not planning on moving up the deadline to impose sanctions on japan aimed at opening up its automobile parts market. china played down international concerns about tainted food "exports," saying the problems were not as bad as reported and displaying seized counterfeit products to show authorities were enforcing safety protections. britain's party leaders clashed thursday in a first-ever live pre-election tv "debate," but there was no killer blow -- although the head of the third party emerged as a clear winner. president bush showed patience with israel's continuing military offensive friday while he further pressured yasser "arafat," saying middle east peace can be reached without the palestinian leader. title-holders tatiana navka and roman kostomarov gave the hosts their second gold at the world figure skating championships here on friday when they successfully defended their ice dancing crown. in approving contempt-of-congress charges against white house chief of staff joshua b. bolten and former counsel harriet e. miers for their refusal to provide documents and testimony in the probe of the firing of u.s. "attorneys," the house judiciary committee has chosen the popular route of trying to compel the macedonian government announced a nationwide cease-fire thursday with ethnic albanian rebels whose four-month insurgency has threatened political stability in this balkan country. the bse-30 share sensitive index opened moderately down at "3," 672.48 and moved further downwards to the day's low of "3,646.73" in a narrowly mixed trend. "however," it later recovered smartly to close at
231 us secretary of state warren christopher warned israel and syria on thursday that the time has come to take major decisions and speed up negotiations for peace. when virginia tech gunman seung-hui cho took his own "life," he not only foreclosed any opportunity for officials to question him about his killing "spree," but ensured that his mental health records will remain secret -- at least until a court says otherwise. a judge in argentina has annulled the first gay marriage in latin "america," state media said "thursday," but the two men in the groundbreaking union said they would appeal the decision. president bush showed patience with israel's continuing military offensive friday while he further pressured yasser "arafat," saying middle east peace can be reached without the palestinian leader. britain's government on saturday asked its top drugs advisory body to review a controversial decision downgrading the criminality of "cannabis," citing evidence linking the drug to mental illness. our special tonight includes an interpretation of euro-indie film as big-budget "dramedy," in a rich reduction sauce. (lots of reduction. lots of sauce.) ``no reservations'' -- starring catherine zeta-jones as a coldly perfectionist chef and aaron eckhart as the slacktastic new sous-chef who melts her with his spicy goodness hannelore "kohl," the wife of former german chancellor helmut "kohl," has died at the family's home in the western city of "ludwigshafen," officials said thursday. she was 68 philippine interior and local government secretary alfredo lim on tuesday ordered the arrest of five suspected illegal gambling lords in metro manila
232 alexander "cejka," who scored his first european tour victory last "sunday," equalled the course record with a six-under-par 66 to lead the moroccan open first round here on thursday. chinese officials are promising a crackdown on doping by chinese athletes in the knowledge that a few positive tests could spoil the image of next year's beijing olympics. britain extended a ban on most non-emergency flights in its airspace by six hours to 1200 gmt "friday," due to ash from a volcanic eruption in "iceland," air traffic authorities said thursday. prediction: every manufacturer of handheld "computers," whether based on the palm "os," pocket pc or other "software," will soon be scrambling to copy the design of sony's latest color clies. south korea and the united states launched military exercises on saturday that north korea said were aimed at making a preemptive strike and justified the bolstering of its """self-defensive" nuclear "arsenal.""" virginia legislators are considering creating a taxpayer-financed fund that would compensate the victims of the virginia tech massacre to try to stave off potential lawsuits. a cargo plane carrying the fuselage and other salvageable parts of a navy spy plane arrived at dobbins air reserve base on "thursday," more than three months after the surveillance plane made an emergency landing on china's hainan island. three regional commissions of the united nations jointly launched a website tuesday that provides services to the international trade "community," according to a u.n. press release.               
233 a team of fbi agents and diplomatic security officials left here thursday aboard a us aircraft that was to return the bodies of two us diplomats that were killed in "karachi," a us official said. police found an abandoned car packed with explosives in a southern province on wednesday after they received intelligence about a possible terror "attack," officials said. up to 800 people were evacuated in iceland thursday because of a glacier water flood triggered by the country's second volcano eruption in less than a "month," police told afp. the only thing worse than the bronx cheers were the mock cheers. after jason giambi finally did something right on friday in his first home game as a "yankee," digging a throw out of the "dirt," a stadium full of yankees fans vocalized the derision they would normally save taiwan opposition supporters will take to the streets saturday on the anniversary of the election eve shooting of president chen shui-bian to demand the """truth""" about the "incident," organizers said. continued limits on federal funding of embryonic stem cell "research," spelled out in president bush's june 20 executive "order," ban funding for new approaches that do not destroy embryos if there is even a chance those embryos might face more than minimal harm. an official in charge of the bankruptcy proceedings for aom and air liberte said thursday that bids to rescue the troubled airlines are unsatisfactory although higher offers can still be made. three persons were killed and three others seriously injured monday night when
234 squash world champion jansher khan stormed into the portuguese open semi-finals here on thursday with a "15-5," "15-5," 15-11 win over fellow "pakistani," zarak jahan khan. papua new guinea's deputy leader has claimed a rival candidate fired gunshots into the crowd at a recent campaign "rally," seriously wounding two "men," a newspaper report said wednesday. us lawmakers looking into the november shooting rampage at the fort hood army base warned the pentagon thursday to provide key documents like the suspect's personnel file or face a subpoena. the headline was "``100,000" people "perished," but who remembers?'' appearing in the new york times on march "14," it perfectly captured the essence of a powerful report from tokyo about the forgotten victims of march "10," "1945," "when," as the times correspondent howard french "wrote," ``a fleet of american mexico's lorena ochoa seized a two-stroke lead over south korean soo-yun kang at the safeway international on "friday," with swedish superstar annika sorenstam stalking both. john gill was 10 when his "father," "theodore," took him to visit the destitute veterans on the muddy anacostia river flats. australia and east timor signed a treaty to share revenues from a rich oil deposit thursday in a deal that will guarantee the fledgling nation a much-needed stream of hard currency. new zealand mining industry could double annual production to 2 billion nz dollars (830 million u.s. dollars) within 10 "years," with potential for big new gold "discoveries," the dominion tuesday quoted a leading consultant geologist as saying.      
235 sinn fein leader gerry adams welcomed the us decision thursday to lift a ban on his engaging in fund-raising activities in the united states. many muslim countries are ill-equipped to tackle a bird flu outbreak because of insufficient financial resources and the public's lack of awareness about the "disease," a u.n. health official said wednesday. san antonio spurs' guard tony parker said thursday he was hopeful of competing for france in the world basketball championships in turkey this summer. three decades after the nation declared war on "cancer," "14,000" scientists are meeting in san francisco to discuss the latest ways to study and treat our second-leading cause of death. us secretary of state condoleezza "rice," who became a russia expert at the height of the cold "war," said saturday she was inspired by george "kennan," the legendary architect of us containment policy who has died at age 101 when one of my iraqi co-workers invited me to go swimming the other "day," i wasn't sure what she meant. "sure," we have an outdoor swimming pool at our "hotel," but it's pretty much off limits to us -- we're women. president bush nominated justice department veteran robert mueller on thursday to head the fbi and try to help the agency rebound from a string of recent embarrassments that ranged from bungled documents to the unveiling of a spy. japan's unemployment rate in september rose to 4.7 percent from 4.6 percent in "august," the first rise since "june," the management and coordination agency reported tuesday.  
236 the united states wants both the greek and turkish-cypriots to take part in the island's accession talks with the "eu," a us presidential envoy said thursday. a santa clara county judge has dropped all criminal charges against former mayor ron "gonzales," who was accused of bribery in an alleged backroom deal with a trash-hauling company. investigators blamed pilot error thursday for a crash that killed poland's "president," as harrowing details emerged of how the crew knew they were doomed after hitting trees while trying to land in russia. herbert s. winokur "jr.," a longtime enron "director," has decided to step down in june from harvard "corp.," the executive body that runs harvard "university," the university announced friday. haitian prime minister gerard latortue on friday criticised the slow pace at which the international community is giving promised financial aid for the reconstruction of the troubled caribbean state. when emelina ramirez's roommates attacked "her," punching and kicking her in the "stomach," she called the police for help. the police handcuffed "her," took her to jail and ran her fingerprints through a federal database. she is now in an alabama cell awaiting deportation. the 16-year-old ``sopranos'' actor who faces real-life criminal charges was unaware of what his friends were doing when two teens were allegedly robbed of "$40," his lawyer says. pakistan frontier corps seized 343 kilograms of hashish from border area siah koh in southwestern balochistan "province," a press release issued here said on monday.            
237 daehlie was in no position to capitalize on smirnov's fall. he admitted he had given up hope of a gold after just five or six kilometers. dubai drydocks world llc has launched a bid for all outstanding shares of pan-united marine ltd. that values the singapore shipyard at 648 million singapore dollars (us$421 million; euro315.5 million). finland's main airport will shut at midnight local time (2100 gmt) due to ash from an erupting volcano in "iceland," grounding all flights in the nordic "country," airport operator finavia said thursday. there were times last season when derek lowe could have held a yard sale at his locker. people were concerned about his "pitching," so they sent him stuff. they sent magic potions and inspirational quotes. they sent figurines and knickknacks. one woman even sent a horseshoe. china has formally arrested a dissident who travelled to beijing to mourn the death of deposed leader zhao "ziyang," more than a month after he was "detained," his wife said saturday. the fate of a u.n.-backed initiative to fight organized crime hangs in the balance in "guatemala," where legislators will decide this week whether to scrap a plan to create an international team of investigators to aid the country's beleaguered criminal justice system. president bush nominated justice department veteran robert mueller on thursday to head the fbi and try to help the agency rebound from a string of recent embarrassments that ranged from bungled documents to the unveiling of a spy. sri lanka has planned to attract a total of one
238 "hamdoun," quoted by iraq's official news agency "ina," charged thursday that the us navy was harassing iraqi shipping in the country's own territorial waters in the northern gulf. the u.s. olympic team will gather on the san jose state campus before heading to beijing for the 2008 summer games. britain extended a ban on most non-emergency flights in its airspace by a further six hours to 1200 gmt "friday," due to ash from a volcanic eruption in "iceland," air traffic authorities said thursday. the white house was fine-tuning its strategy toward the middle east as british prime minister tony blair arrived friday night for weekend talks with bush at his ranch. lindsay davenport routed the reigning wimbledon "champ," while kim clijsters took no prisoners as the two former champions advanced to the final of the indian wells wta/atp masters series event. over the last six "years," the bush administration has been widely seen as one of the most secretive and resistant to outside scrutiny in modern times. it has invoked executive privilege to prevent disclosure of its internal deliberations and advanced a theory of the ``unitary executive'' to avoid traditional if president bush was looking for an fbi director with some bipartisan "appeal," he might have found the right man in robert mueller iii. u.s. president bill clinton signed monday a legislation which will grant visa waiver to citizens of countries that grant similar privileges to u.s. citizens.                 
239 defense minister pavel grachev said thursday that the military phase of russia's drive to end the secessionist campaign in chechnya was over. palestinian factions hamas and fatah are like two brothers """in" a "cage,""" palestinian foreign minister ziad abu amr said "wednesday," adding that the recent deadly clashes between the groups were a result of pressures imposed by outside forces. president barack obama said thursday he was """100" percent "committed""" to nasa's mission as he sought to set a new course for the future of us space travel. in a pastoral letter to be printed in church bulletins throughout central new jersey on "sunday," the new bishop of the diocese of metuchen expresses his ``heartfelt sorrow for the unimaginable pain'' that has resulted from child abuse by a few priests in the roman catholic church. malaysia will speed up the recruitment of "100,000" male pakistanis amid an acute labour shortage caused by a crackdown that sent hundreds of thousands of illegal workers fleeing the "country," reports said saturday. sweeping health-care legislation that would affect benefits for millions of children and senior citizens -- as well as the bank accounts of doctors and insurance companies -- comes up for floor votes this week in "congress," in a debate fraught with political risk for both parties. a u.s. coast guard team is training southeast asian maritime forces methods to combat piracy as the problem continues to dramatically increase in the region. albanian president rexhepmeidani met visiting bulgarian former president zhelev monday in albania's capital tirana and praised
240 a congressional ban on aid to pakistan has become a major sore point in us relations with pakistan and has undermined efforts to promote nuclear non-proliferation in south "asia," two us officials said thursday. insurgents blew up the two minarets of the famous golden dome shiite shrine in samarra on "wednesday," iraqi police and a security official said. president barack obama on thursday unveiled his administration's vision for america's future in space. below are some of key points of his proposed overhaul of the us space program. the thoroughbred-racing cognoscenti have not exactly flipped for came "home," containing their praise for the most accomplished 3-year-old in today's santa anita derby. china should reduce its incentives to promote exports and foreign investment because they have created economic "problems," a top economic official was quoted saturday as saying. surrounded by "darkness," an ak-47 at his "side," jonathon cote considered his future from the driver's seat of a black chevy avalanche hurtling through southern iraq early last november. ely "callaway," who turned callaway golf co. into the biggest clubmaker in the world with his ``big bertha'' drivers and a passion to make golf enjoyable for the "masses," died early thursday of pancreatic cancer. he was 82 worldwide pc shipments reached nearly 34 million units in the third quarter of "2000," according to two u.s. market researchers.                                
241 canadian elvis stojko retained his figure skating world title here on thursday "night," after a sparkling performance in the free programme. the nikkei stock average of 225 issues closed at "17,732.77" points on the tokyo stock exchange "wednesday," down 28.14 "points," or 0.16 "percent," from tuesday. president barack obama said thursday he was """100" percent "committed""" to nasa's mission as he sought to set a new course for the future of us space travel. all major-league hitters will likely have trouble against the oakland athletics' talented starting rotation that the rangers faced earlier this week. but the rangers should have an offense that can handle "schoeneweis," a 28-year-old left-hander with a career earned-run average of 5.27. secretary of state condoleezza rice said saturday that the united states unequivocally supported its close ally japan's bid to secure a permanent seat on the un security council. the controversy surrounding alberto r. gonzales widened last week after fbi director robert s. mueller iii gave testimony on capitol hill about an administration anti-terrorism program that seemed to contradict sworn statements made earlier by the attorney general. "now," democrats are alleging that gonzales lied to congress and are federated department stores inc. on thursday reduced its second-quarter earnings estimates by more than "one-third," blaming slow sales at its stores. its stock price sank nearly 7 percent. the organization of american states (oas) monday called for good sense as territory disputes continue between guatemala and belize since the two countries resumed talks one week before.      
242 what promises to be the biggest gathering of world leaders in history was taking form here late thursday at a un summit devoted to ridding the world of "poverty," unemployment and social exclusion. japanese are staying cool as a cucumber this summer with """pepsi" ice "cucumber""" -- a new soda based on the crisp green gourd. pi "hongyan," who is seeking to become the first french international ever to win a european badminton "title," believes her chances of making a piece of sporting history were put at risk thursday by an out-of-kilter schedule. that bomb-sniffing dog doing a thorough pregame nose scan of the rangers' dugout discovered several interesting "scents," and paused for a double-check before reluctantly moving on. ground-breaking for a golf course near the vietnamese capital began "saturday," with promoters touting its prospects for helping networking among the communist country's politicians and businessmen. iraq's central government has refused to take possession of more than "2,300" completed reconstruction projects financed with billions of u.s. taxpayer "dollars," according to the latest quarterly report by the u.s. agency that oversees the rebuilding effort. federated department stores inc. on thursday reduced its second-quarter earnings estimates by more than "one-third," blaming slow sales at its stores. its stock price sank nearly 7 percent. copper production in chile in the first nine months this year reached 3.41 million "tons," up 4.3 percent over the same period last "year," according to a report from the country's national statistics institute (nsi) released monday.        
243 the inauguration of an international consortium to provide north korea with lightwater nuclear reactors failed thursday to attract the number of signatories "expected," diplomats said. a soccer player in japan's professional j-league was arrested wednesday on suspicion of having sex with a 15-year-old high school student while knowing she was a "minor," local media reported. china has cut its massive us treasury bond holdings to the lowest level in at least nine "months," data showed thursday as beijing resisted persistent us pressure to revalue its currency. "powell," who has been sidelined since march 19 because of tendinitis in his right middle "finger," tried to throw again friday and is still feeling pain. "powell," who signed a "three-year," $9  million contract in the "off-season," will undergo another mri and bone scan. police have arrested a man in connection with two bomb blasts that killed five people in kandahar city while us secretary of state condoleezza rice visited "afghanistan," officials said saturday. about half of the public thinks the supreme court is generally balanced in its "decisions," but a growing number of americans say the court has become ``too conservative'' in the two years since president bush began nominating "justices," according to a new washington post-abc news poll. the u.s. dollar rose thursday against other major currencies in european "trading," pushing the euro to a seven-month low. gold prices fell. iranian president mohammad khatami arrived here on tuesday morning for a four-day official visit to "japan," hoping to boost political and economic ties between the two countries.
244 the dollar gained against the major curencies except the yen thursday as traders returned to the market ahead of friday's publication of us jobless figures for february. hamas gunmen overran the headquarters of a fatah-allied security force in northern "gaza," scoring a key victory in what is rapidly shifting into full-fledged civil war. survivors of a quake that left 760 people dead in china braced themselves friday for a second night with no shelter or food as rescuers struggled to cope with the scale of the disaster. already short-handed because of the suspension to scott spiezio and the injury to troy "percival," the angels suffered another blow friday when first baseman benji gil left the team's game with texas in the first inning with a sprained left ankle. a private phone company in nepal was allowed to restore services to most customers in the capital on "saturday," more than a month after they were cut following the takeover by king "gyanendra," a company official said. in their final week before lawmakers leave washington until after labor "day," the house and senate are to take up the state children's health insurance program. the "plan," created in "1997," helps provide health coverage for children from low-income families that do not qualify for government insurance. sen. robert torricelli's approval rating has dropped to its lowest level amid a federal investigation into his campaign "fund-raising," according to a poll released thursday. brazil's federal police monday formally accused former coach of the national soccer team wanderley luxemburgo of falsifying his
245 canada said thursday it had intercepted a spanish fishing vessel off the grand banks of newfoundland as part of its effort to enforce quotas and stop overfishing in the region. indonesian police have arrested the alleged leader of jemaah "islamiyah," the southeast asian terror group blamed for the 2002 bali nightclub bombings and a series of other attacks in recent "years," a spokesman said wednesday. president barack obama said thursday he was """100" percent "committed""" to nasa's mission after stinging criticism of his earlier plan for the future of us space travel. within a few "weeks," efforts will begin to clean the exteriors of hundreds of buildings around the world trade center "site," to keep pollutants like asbestos from blowing off them and into "apartments," city and federal officials said on friday. us secretary of state condoleezza rice left japan for south korea on saturday on an asian tour focused in part on bringing communist north korea back to negotiations on its nuclear ambitions. the federal communications commission will set the rules tuesday governing the auction of $15  billion of public "airwaves," a decision with stakes so high that the major u.s. cellular carriers and google have spent millions of dollars on a lobbying campaign in an attempt to influence the outcome. the ely "callaway," who turned callaway golf co. into the biggest clubmaker in the world with his ``big bertha'' drivers and a passion to make golf enjoyable for the "masses," died early thursday of pancreatic cancer. he was 82 bundesliga club vfb stuttgart
246 ghana's president jerry rawlings met thursday with president bill clinton at the white "house," urging washington not to forget "africa," a clear allusion to republican plans to cut us aid to the continent. insurgents on wednesday blew up the two minarets of the famous golden dome shiite shrine in "samarra," where a 2006 bombing unleashed a wave of sectarian violence that bloodied iraq for more than a "year," iraqi police and a security official said. two car bombs exploded within hours in the southern afghan city of kandahar "thursday," killing at least two people and injuring more than a dozen "others," officials said. even as he has proposed significant cuts to the city's cultural "budget," mayor michael bloomberg has donated $10  million to various new york arts "groups," an official familiar with the contributions confirmed on friday. the israeli army is to begin pulling non-essential equipment out of the gaza strip within the next two "weeks," in preparation for its complete withdrawal from the "territory," a military source said on saturday. they arrived at the civil courthouse downtown with their "spouses," "parents," girlfriends or siblings. one group of childhood "friends," now in their "50s," came together; as "girls," they had been molested by the same priest. former rep. edward m. "mezvinsky," charged with swindling banks and clients out of $10.40  "million," will plead innocent by reason of insanity to fraud "charges," defense papers say. yellow crane "tower," one of the three most famous towers in south "china," has been presented with a certificate of authentication
247 canada said thursday it had intercepted a spanish fishing vessel off the grand banks of newfoundland as part of its effort to enforce quotas and stop overfishing in the region. "indonesia," with the world's largest muslim "population," has suffered a series of terrorist attacks in recent years carried out by members of jemaah islamiyah. authorities wednesday said they had arrested the network's most-wanted "member," abu dujana. un chief ban ki-moon welcomed a deal that led to the departure of ousted kyrgyz president kurmanbek "bakiyev," his press office said thursday. william "diebold," an economist who spent his career at the council on foreign "relations," shaping and studying the international economic order after world war "ii," died on tuesday at his home in upper "nyack," n.y. he was 84 the only daughter of japan's emperor "akihito," princess "sayako," was formally engaged to an urban planner saturday following a traditional ceremony held at the imperial palace. japanese voters delivered a stinging slap to prime minister shinzo abe's nationalist obsessions "sunday," punishing his government for focusing on the grand ambition of a more assertive japan while allowing the day-to-day management of the economy to descend into scandal and disarray. mark twain made a deal with the editor of the atlantic monthly more than a century ago: he would write a "story," then ask other well-known authors to compose their own versions from the same outline. chinese president jiang zemin met here tuesday morning with russian former prime minister yevgeny "primakov," now chairman of the fatherland-all russia bloc of the
248 barcelona coach johan cruyff is threatening to quit because of a campaign he claims is being waged against his son jordi. about "12,000" ground crew of the state-owned indian airlines limited have gone on "strike," delaying dozens of flights across the country and stranding thousands of "passengers," officials said wednesday. inconvenienced european travellers have the right to care and compensation even in the """exceptional" "circumstances""" of the volcanic ash cloud which has grounded "flights," the eu said thursday. scott schoeneweis did friday what jarrod "washburn," kevin appier and aaron sele could not in the angels' first three games of the season -- pitch into the sixth inning. at least four afghans have been devoured by wolves driven down from the hills in search of food during the worst winter in a "decade," family members said saturday. david "shaw," a prolific writer from television's golden age who also wrote the film ``if it's "tuesday," this must be belgium'' and broadway "plays," has died. he was 90 president bush nominated justice department veteran robert mueller on thursday to head the fbi and try to help the agency rebound from a string of recent embarrassments that ranged from bungled documents to the discovery of a spy. the colombian "president," andres "pastrana," summoned an extraordinary security council meeting monday to analyze the situation of civilian hostages kidnapped by "guerrillas," since some were reported dead.                         
249 the head of japan's economic planning agency "(epa)," masahiko "komura," friday said the rise of the yen had been like a """yellow" "light""" for japan's "recovery," and warned the currency surge would be closely monitored. king albert ii on wednesday named the leader of belgium's francophone "liberals," who posted large gains in a weekend general "election," to lead talks on forming a government coalition. greek police on thursday said they had found guns and two hideouts used by a the far-left extremist "group," revolutionary "struggle," after arresting six alleged members. "ventura," calif. - the wife of a respected san fernando valley doctor was sentenced to death on friday for the cold-blooded murders of three of the couple's young sons in their santa rosa valley mansion. us secretary of state condoleezza rice arrived in south korea saturday for talks focused on bringing north korea back to dialogue aimed at ending its nuclear program. when majed afana needs to pray while attending classes at the university of michigan at "dearborn," the 19-year-old muslim usually will duck into the campus library's "bathroom," strip off his shoes and awkwardly strain to wash his feet in the sink. joe pantoliano has made his name as a character actor in films including ``risky "business,''" ``the matrix'' and "``memento,''" and on hbo's ``the sopranos.'' a boeing 747 of the singapore airlines with 159 passengers and 20 crew members aboard "crashed," exploded and broke apart at taipei's chiang kai-shek international airport tuesday "night," according to reports reaching here.     
250 nearly "5,000" tourists spent three days blocked in the southern chinese tourist town of "guilin," after thick fog blanketed the area and stopped all air "traffic," chinese radio reported friday. archbishop desmond tutu said wednesday that israeli and palestinian authorities should prosecute people on both sides who attacked civilians in the gaza town of beit hanoun and in nearby parts of israel late last year. chinese president hu jintao met indian prime minister manmohan singh ahead of an international conference in brazil on "thursday," state media said. the city's uniformed firefighters association will no longer refer the families of its members who died in the sept. 11 attack on the world trade center to a small long island brokerage firm whose track record has been tarnished by questionable "behavior," and in some cases illegal "conduct," by the fight over the right of a severely brain-damaged florida woman to live or die raged on "saturday," a day after the feeding tube that sustained her for 15 years was removed. to many labor unions and high-tech "workers," the indian giant tata consultancy services is a serious threat -- a company that has helped move u.s. jobs to india while sending thousands of foreign workers on temporary visas to the united states. worldcom on thursday reduced its profit and revenue "forecasts," which it said will no longer reflect the company's stake in a brazilian telephone company as well as other factors. tanzania's national electoral commission (nec) has backed a decision made by the zanzibar electoral commission (zec) to
251 the japanese computer giant nec said friday it had been "selected," along with the french firms bull and france "telecom," to provide electronic """yellow" "pages""" with multimedia applications. beijing's booming hot spring "resorts," popular with residents of the chinese capital seeking to "relax," have been ordered to improve hygiene standards after two-thirds failed bacteria "tests," state media reported wednesday. four metro stations in the heart of paris were evacuated thursday and two lines briefly shut down as transport workers hunted for the source of smoke detected in the underground tunnels. the last of the county republican conventions is "over," and james "treffinger," the essex county "executive," has held on _ as he predicted he would _ to his position as the candidate with the strongest party support to challenge sen. robert torricelli in november. at least seven iraqis died "saturday," including three policeman blown up as they buried a murdered "colleague," as protestors gathered in london to demand an end to the occupation of iraq two years after the us-led invasion. ``in this "land," we are the only "masters,''" the haitian national anthem proudly boasts of this country that in 1804 overthrew slavery and colonization. worldcom on thursday reduced its profit and revenue "forecasts," which it said will no longer reflect the company's stake in a brazilian telephone company as well as other factors. the arab environment ministers' council started a two-day meeting here on "wednesday," condemning israel for continuing its nuclear activities that have caused damage to the palestinian "ecology," the official middle east
252 north korea will probably drag out its refusal of south korean nuclear reactors for several months despite an april 21 target "date," officials in seoul predicted friday. suspected al-qaida insurgents early wednesday destroyed the two minarets of the askariya shiite shrine in "samarra," authorities "reported," in a repeat of a 2006 bombing that shattered its famous golden dome and unleashed a wave of retaliatory sectarian violence that still bloodies iraq. the euro came under pressure against the dollar thursday on uncertainty over prospects for the greek financial crisis and as investors weighed moves that could lead to the activation of an eu-imf bailout for athens. of all the recent suicide bombings in "israel," the jan. 27 attack by a palestinian woman that killed an elderly man in jerusalem and wounded 150 other people particularly upset california sen. barbara boxer. egyptian president hosni mubarak will travel to paris thursday for talks with french president jacques chirac on the syrian-lebanon "crisis," the official mena news agency reported saturday. eleanor luna of owings "mills," "md.," was trying to find a recipe for marinade that she lost in her last move. it came from a bottle of soy sauce more than 30 years ago. a group that includes 21 state lawmakers filed a federal lawsuit thursday seeking to block performances of a college play featuring a gay christ-like character. israeli prime minister ehud barak said wednesday night "that," in his upcoming meeting with palestinian leader yasser "arafat," regional cooperation minister shimon peres will demand a ceasefire from the palestinian
253 japan decided friday to drop its planned grant-in-aid worth up to 252 million yen (2.7 million dollars) to gambia in the wake of a military coup there last "july," government officials said. after six decades of government "service," shimon peres hopes to finally rack up his "first," and likely "last," electoral win "wednesday," in the race for the country's presidency. us president barack obama on thursday blamed west virginia mine operators for the nation's worst mining disaster in decades which left 29 dead and moved to step up safety across the key industry. shaquille o'neal sat on a padded "table," electric stimulation pumping through his sore right "wrist," and laughed easily with kobe bryant and trainer gary vitti. russia's fsb security agency saturday denied press reports that bosnian serb war crimes suspects were living on russian soil under its protection. the achiote paste recipe is adapted from ``the essential cuisines of mexico'' by diana kennedy. annatto seeds are available at hispanic markets. investigators will soon begin large-scale arrests of corrupt police who helped traffickers make southern mexico into a huge illegal immigration pipeline to the united "states," a top official said thursday. israeli police said one person was injured when an explosive device was detonated wednesday night on dubnow street in west "jerusalem," near the jerusalem theater.                                      
254 chinese premier li peng left here friday for denmark to attend the un summit on social "development," where a senior official said he would make an """important" "statement.""" the kosovo government on wednesday launched a contest for a new flag and national "anthem," despite continuing international disagreement over whether the province should become independent or remain within serbia. rafael nadal moved closer to perfection for a second day in succession on "thursday," with the five-time champion completing a "6-0," 1-jun rout over german michael berrer to roar into the quarter-finals of the monte carlo masters. nelson "emerson," steve heinze and craig johnson could give the kings some veteran leadership in their final push for the "playoffs," and rookie defenseman andreas lilja and second-year forward adam mair have shown potential. but none of those five players likely will be in the lineup tonight when the stylish batsman rahul dravid completed a century in each innings of a test match as india consolidated their position in the second test against pakistan here on saturday. making your own tortillas is well worth the extra time -- only as much time as it takes to make pancakes and just about as easy. trials are underway in china for an american citizen and a u.s. resident who are charged with spying for "taiwan," the state department said thursday. the re-voting results in "zanzibar," tanzania's semi-autonomous "region," is expected to be announced next "tuesday," officials with the election authorities said wednesday.          
255 hong kong citizen daniel chan "chi-pun," convicted of trafficking "heroin," was hanged here early "friday," comforted by an 11th-hour assurance that a cure would be found for his blind "son," his lawyer and prison officials said. the united states has """irrefutable""" evidence that iran is transferring weapons to the taliban in "afghanistan," with the knowledge of the iranian "government," and nato has intercepted some of the "shipments," a senior u.s. diplomat said wednesday. a former senior executive of the top secret national security agency (nsa) who allegedly leaked classified information to a newspaper reporter via email has been indicted on multiple "charges," the justice department said thursday. the dodgers totaled two runs and 12 hits in their first three "games," but manager jim tracy declared it too early in the season to make wholesale changes and stuck with the same lineup friday night against colorado. iran has asked the european union and russia to respect its right to enrich "uranium," an activity the eu is trying to convince iran to give up to ensure it is not producing nuclear weapons. note: from vincenti ristorante. this recipe makes 1 2-jan cups "dressing," more than is needed for the four salads. the extra dressing will keep in the "refrigerator," tightly "covered," for 1 week. this also makes slightly more polenta croutons than is called for in the recipe. hector camacho jr. is a lot like his "father," who dazzled opponents with his boxing ability and charged up fans with his hot-dog antics. tanzanian president benjamin mkapa wednesday
256 it may be wishful thinking on the part of a chinese rail "minister," but a special train will be available on the day china resumes sovereignty over hong kong to fulfill ailing paramount leader deng xiaoping's dream. the hiroshima carp of japan's central league are moving to sign former major league outfielder alex "ochoa," local media reported wednesday. the bodies of 34 more victims of the air crash in russia that killed polish president lech kaczynski were flown home thursday. tonya gill didn't mind her office job. when a career as a member of the lpga tour didn't "materialize," she took a job with a sports-marketing company in "nashville," tenn. severe floods across much of afghanistan have killed at least 88 people and left thousands homeless as houses were swept away by the raging "waters," officials said saturday. note: adapted from opus executive chef josef centeno. this recipe makes 1 4-mar cups tarragon "aioli," more than is needed for the salad. the extra aioli will keep for 1 "week," "refrigerated," and is great for sandwiches. defenseman eric "weinrich," who became an unrestricted free agent on july "1," signed a three-year contract with the philadelphia flyers. south africa's education department is faced with a 12-billion-rand (1.58-billion-u.s.- dollar) backlog of school buildings and over "40,000" class rooms needing "revamping," said a high-ranking official with the country's education department wednesday.                            
257 hongkong "telecom," the colony's biggest company and dominant telecommunications "group," is to cut its payroll by "2,500" over the next three "years," local news media said friday. president mahmoud ahmadinejad on wednesday shrugged off the west's criticism of tehran's controversial nuclear program and said that eventual new u.n. sanctions would not harm iran. the eu is ready to open free trade talks with malaysia if kuala lumpur "agrees," believing such a move would create new opportunities for businesses from both "sides," an eu spokesman said thursday. smriti mehra was hoping that resting the pulled tendon in her right hand the week before the office depot championship would help her injury. she was wrong. namibian president sam nujoma saturday hailed his country's 15-year record of democracy and "peace," as he gave his farewell speech to parliament before he steps down. when chef christopher blobaum was opening wilshire restaurant in santa "monica," he wanted to do the right "thing," both culinarily and environmentally. the judge who indicted gen. augusto pinochet wants to question former u.s. secretary of state henry kissinger about the assassination of an american filmmaker in chile during the former dictator's "rule," a court official said thursday. "meanwhile," major general chen fuyuan of china succeeds lieutenant general edward g. anderson of the untied states as chairman of the u.n. military staff committee for the month.                              
258 australian car makers will be short-term losers but long-term winners of the global currency roller-coaster which has seen the japanese yen surge to record heights against the us "dollar," industry officials here believe. berlin commuters on wednesday found themselves sharing the road with escapees from a local zoo -- six "horses," three "camels," two goats and a llama. a huge cloud of ash from an icelandic volcano drifted over northern europe on "thursday," forcing the closure of vast swathes of international airspace and the cancellation of hundreds of flights. in his first match on grass in the united "states," it was sampras who started fast. and then it was sampras who slipped a little. preparations quickened saturday for israel's pullout from the gaza strip as a palestinian militant splinter group ended its informal "truce," the first small chink in the fragile demilitarization of the four-year-old uprising. caesar salad -- "romaine," "croutons," "parmesan," "egg," "anchovies," olive "oil," lemon juice. aficionados have always debated whether to include the "anchovies," whether to serve the leaves whole or chopped and whether to coddle the egg -- but what about the "frisee," or the "tarragon," or the polenta croutons? the ncaa women's basketball tournament will get more airtime and might see scheduling changes under terms of a new 11-year tv rights deal with espn announced thursday. the mou concerns projects in the areas including unctad's computerized debt management and financial analysis "system," its advance cargo information "system," the computerization of government customs "operations," and research and training in the fields
259 china believes that the dollar's recent freefall against the yen will not affect its ability to repay foreign debt and that the country is sufficiently """mature""" to face up to currency risks. suspected al-qaida insurgents early wednesday destroyed the two minarets of the askariya shiite shrine in "samarra," authorities "reported," in a repeat of a 2006 bombing that shattered its famous golden dome and unleashed a wave of retaliatory sectarian violence that still bloodies iraq. european stock markets edged higher on thursday as investors weighed fresh moves in the greek debt crisis against mixed us economic data and very strong chinese growth "figures," dealers said. the memphis grizzlies were confused enough about whom to push for the nba's rookie of the year award that they are running a dual campaign for pau (pronounced pow) gasol and shane battier. ethiopia's food aid needs have probably been "underestimated," the us envoy at the un world food programme warned on a ambitious un-backed """safety" "net""" scheme which was intended to kick off in january but only got under way in "mid-march," whereby food or money -- 70 us cents a the young man with the sandy-brown hair holds up an orange handbag that at first glance looks like an hermes birkin. his voice takes on an aggrieved tone and his mouth curls into a hint of a sneer. for matt "rubinger," this fake designer handbag is especially insulting because university of arkansas football player lawrence richardson and former teammate lee hayes pleaded guilty thursday to a reduced charge
260 hongkong bank hsbc holdings plc announced friday that one of its major "subsidiaries," the british-based midland bank "plc," is to open a branch in australia. archbishop desmond tutu said wednesday that israeli and palestinian authorities should prosecute people on both sides who attacked civilians in the gaza town of beit hanoun and in nearby parts of israel late last year. the planned release thursday of eight red cross hostages by a mai-mai militia in eastern democratic republic of congo has been """upset""" by "fighting," the mai-mai chief aluri yakutumba said. the final tally is "complete," and once again michael bloomberg is the undisputed winner. bloomberg "is," "officially," new york's biggest shopper _ at least when it comes to shopping for office. some "100,000" people were expected to march through central london on saturday to protest against the invasion of iraq two years ago and other elements of the us-led war on "terror," organisers said. redecorating can be "intimidating," "but," with the help of author sharon "hanby-robie," the fearful will discover their personal "style," rethink available space and learn to choose colors and textures to make their homes the perfect nest. a flag that adorned abraham lincoln's box at ford's theater the night he was assassinated _ and may have been the banner that caused john wilkes booth to break his leg _ has been discovered in a dusty corner of the connecticut historical society. former turkish president suleyman demirel appears to be most likely to lead an international fact- finding mission on the ongoing middle
261 winnie "mandela," a junior cabinet "member," is on friday due to explain why she recently went on a west african trip in defiance of orders by south african president nelson "mandela," her estranged husband. the united states has """irrefutable""" evidence that iran is transferring weapons to the taliban in "afghanistan," with the knowledge of the iranian "government," and nato has intercepted some of the "shipments," a senior u.s. diplomat said wednesday. greek police said thursday they found guns and two hideouts used by a prominent far-left extremist "group," revolutionary "struggle," after arresting six alleged members. by "now," the case of the $3  million cup of coffee is securely lodged as exhibit a in the minds of those who believe the american legal system has run amok. north korea on saturday rejected japan's science to test human remains at the center of a kidnapping "row," despite tokyo's demands that pyongyang come clean on the dispute or face economic sanctions. new mexico was going over her poem one more time as i walked nervously out of the green room backstage at george washington university's lisner auditorium in may. kentucky was busy gathering everyone's e-mail addresses so he could stay in touch. and indiana absolutely would not stop pacing. europe's top central banker admitted thursday that the continent's economy is continuing a downward "spiral," but he still balked at lowering interest rates to give it a boost. he even suggested he would hold rates steady for some time to come. the value of the zimbabwean dollar has shrunk
262 the financial rand's discount to the commercial unit fell to 3.25 percent friday fuelling renewed speculations that the government will abolish the two-tier currency system soon. suspected al-qaida insurgents early wednesday destroyed the two minarets of the askariya shiite shrine in "samarra," authorities "reported," in a repeat of a 2006 bombing that shattered its famous golden dome and unleashed a wave of retaliatory sectarian violence that still bloodies iraq. a violent volcanic eruption in iceland spewed clouds of ash into the air for a second day "thursday," blanketing large parts of the nordic country in the potentially toxic dust and disrupting air traffic across northern europe. in south "america," the leftist revolutionary armed forces of "colombia," or "farc," controls lucrative coca fields that finance a terror campaign against the government. in the "philippines," the abu sayyaf group kidnaps people to sustain its separatist dreams. in sri "lanka," the violent tamil tigers have a fleet of us secretary of state condoleezza rice visited saturday the highly secretive command post for us-south korea joint forces as the two allies kicked off an annual military exercise. question: whenever i make chicken on the "grill," it winds up burned on the "outside," or raw on the inside -- or both. what's the secret? mzee is "42," headstrong and notorious for crashing through the electrified fence that surrounds a sprawling ranch in north central kenya. ghanaian president jerry rawlings has expressed great concern over the post-election killings in cote d'ivoire and urged states in the sub-region to step up their
263 two earthquakes shook japan "friday," one in tokyo and the other one in the northern part of the "country," the meteorological agency "said," but no damages or injuries were reported. after a quarter-century in "opposition," radical activists from ireland's environmentalist green party gathered wednesday to vote on whether to form a coalition government with the long-dominant fianna fail party. sudan's landmark vote ended on thursday with the near-certain re-election of president omar "al-beshir," which an aide said would would prove accusations of war crimes against him are false. in south "america," the leftist revolutionary armed forces of "colombia," or "farc," controls lucrative coca fields that finance a terror campaign against the government. in the "philippines," the abu sayyaf group kidnaps people to sustain its separatist dreams. in sri "lanka," the violent tamil tigers have a fleet of norway's ole einar bjoerndalen and france's sandrine bailly won the men's and women's biathlon world cup titles after the final races here saturday. theater for so long has played second fiddle to film that it must have seemed quite strange to many people when ingmar bergman essentially retired from movie-making after completing ``fanny and alexander'' in 1982 to concentrate on writing and his stage work with the royal dramatic theater of "sweden," an off-duty police officer was beaten over the head with a pipe and critically injured after he asked two men to stop setting off fireworks. the commander of uganda's armed "forces," jeje odongo has denied any connection between government of his country and the angolan "rebels,"
264 saudi arabia has lifted a ban on jordanian and palestinian workers bringing in their families that dates back to the 1990-1991 gulf "crisis," informed sources here said friday. shimon peres seized a commanding lead wednesday in the first round of voting for israel's "president," prompting his two rivals to withdraw from the race and leave the field wide open to the country's elder statesman. a huge cloud of ash from an icelandic volcano covered northern europe on "thursday," forcing the closure of vast swathes of international airspace and the cancellation of thousands of flights. it took only one "morning," sept. "11," to change the image of ferry service from a pleasant anachronism to a sensible and urgently needed means of mass transit. with tunnels "crippled," roads blocked and bridges "closed," tens of thousands of workers and residents moved on a nimble fleet over demonstrations on either side of the divide in ivory coast called respectively saturday for french peacekeeping forces to leave the country and stay on after their mandate expires next month. inside the chandeliered party hall of an upscale "hotel," with its canopies of balloons and sparkly "lights," three video cameramen and two photographers jostled like paparazzi to get a glimpse of the guest of honor. federated department stores "inc.," dogged by sluggish sales stemming from the weak "economy," reduced its second-quarter earnings estimates by more than one-third on thursday and said earnings for the year also will be below expectations. a surge in key blue chips and the continuing rise of the
265 european union interior and justice ministers adopted friday a wide- ranging action plan for multilateral surveillance of the union's outer borders in a bid to step up the fight against organised crime. the european union and serbia on wednesday resumed pre-membership talks suspended for a year because of belgrade's failure to deliver key fugitives to the u.n. war crimes tribunal. a five-star french general convicted of downloading thousands of child pornography images is to be stripped of his rank and the right to wear his "uniform," the defence ministry said thursday. the neatly clipped bushes along a winding lane of les "caillols," a low-income neighborhood on the northern edge of this "city," suggest a certain peace and order; then the buckled metal and ashes of the synagogue come into "view," revealing the sudden violence. st helens thrashed wakefield 64-16 after scoring 11 tries on saturday to keep them tucked in behind super league leaders leeds. by 9 "p.m.," the tianying karaoke bar was jumping. two co-ed parties were "underway," with celebrants drinking and singing. in the bathhouse "section," men were soaking in hot tubs and enjoying the company of "prostitutes," while other customers tried their luck in a pocket-size gambling den. alex rodriguez hit a grand slam and rafael palmeiro homered twice as the texas rangers routed the seattle mariners 14-2 thursday night to earn a split of their four-game series. wall street stocks fell wednesday as investors unloaded blue chips and tech shares to take profits from a strong rally in the previous session.
266 british prime minister john major will visit washington early next month for a meeting with president bill "clinton," us and british sources here said friday. iraq's embattled prime minister on wednesday compared the fight for order in iraq with the u.s. civil war almost 150 years "ago," saying the current struggle """is" perhaps even more "complicated.""" belgian air space has been partially closed and will be shut down entirely from 1430 gmt due to the volcanic cloud which is wafting across europe from "iceland," an official said thursday. amid heightened border security "concerns," congress this week is set to take its first step toward overhauling the much-criticized u.s. immigration and naturalization service (ins). arab foreign ministers on saturday reached agreement on a new draft of a controversial middle east peace plan ahead of a summit next "week," the palestinian foreign minister said. on graduation day at the modern complex that houses academy of the "canyons," daniel "motamedi," daryl crookston and flor negrete wore mortarboards and blue robes to receive their diplomas. (steven "dellinger," who graduated from another high "school," attended the ceremony.) staff sgt. juan diazdumeng also showed "up," looking formidable a u.s. air force sergeant suspected of raping a japanese woman on the island of okinawa was questioned at a police station "friday," but the u.s. ambassador said talks on his arrest were still under way. the u.s. state department said wednesday that at least 10 of those killed in a singapore airlines crash in taipei are believed to be americans.   
267 south african finance minister chris liebenberg announced the scrapping of the financial rand "friday," ending the dual currency system that was seen as an obstacle for foreign investors. two congressional committees are issuing subpoenas for testimony from former white house counsel harriet miers and former political director sara taylor on their roles in the firings of eight u.s. "prosecutors," according to two officials familiar with the investigation. new claims for us unemployment insurance benefits unexpectedly rose last "week," largely due to easter holiday-related "factors," the labor department said thursday. along with the bellsouth classic title and a "$684,000 " "check," retief goosen today takes with him to augusta national a greatly welcomed surge of confidence for the land of the linoleum greens. a former high-ranking german ambassador said saturday that german authorities were not checking visa applications thoroughly "enough," adding his voice to a chorus of criticism of foreign minister joschka fischer. the guys in his boat took to calling him ``badger'' because of the grimace he wore during races. part of a junior rowing club that ranked among the fastest in the "nation," lucas goodman was relentless on the water. a former lebanese militia leader himself accused in the deaths of hundreds of palestinian refugees said thursday he will testify in a lawsuit seeking to hold the israeli prime minister responsible for refugee camp massacres in 1982 britain said on wednesday that seven of its 12 nuclear-powered "submarines," currently all docked for "checks," had shown signs of cooling system flaws while the other five have
268 the current program aimed at pulling mexico out of economic crisis may not be perfect but it is the only viable "alternative," federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said friday. saboteur bombers destroyed the two minarets of samarra's askariya shiite shrine early "wednesday," site of a 2006 bombing that shattered its famous golden dome and unleashed a wave of retaliatory sectarian violence that still bloodies iraq. sunni extremists of al-qaida were quickly blamed. thai veteran thongchai jaidee and south korea's kim do-hoon both smashed the course record to share the first-round lead at eight under at the china open on thursday. but when a fly ball dropped between everett and left fielder gabe kapler in saturday's "game," it prompted the "obligatory," how's the knee? one person was killed and 12 people were injured in a blast at a theater near the british school in the qatari capital doha saturday "evening," an interior ministry spokesman told al-jazeera tv. brenda mclaughlin is a long way from making up her mind about a presidential candidate. but as she sampled the lunch fare at manchester's red arrow diner on monday "afternoon," her eyes lit up at the mention of rudy giuliani's name. flags flew at half-staff on government buildings across russia on thursday and television and radio stations were urged not to broadcast light entertainment as the country observed an official day of mourning for the 145 victims of an airline crash in siberia. robert "gelbard," the embattled u.s. ambassador to "indonesia," has left the asian country temporarily to attend
269 eight men were beheaded by the sword on "friday," including a saudi sentenced to death for using magic to dupe "people," the interior ministry said. nato ministers are expected thursday to consider how to integrate planned u.s. anti-missile bases into the alliance's defenses and seek clarification of moscow's suggestion to use a radar base in azerbaijan as part of the missile shield. flight recorders show pilot error led to the crash of the polish plane in russia that killed president lech "kaczynski," a report said "thursday," as questions lingered over the cause of the tragedy. many french canadians say quebec is losing its way. the drive for independence is stalling. long-held customs are fading "too," with church attendance in deep decline and abortion and divorce now commonplace. houston rockets forward juwan "howard," diagnosed with a sprained right knee ligament this "week," was placed on the injured list on saturday. fifteen years "ago," incoming president clinton promised a government ``that looks more like america.'' "today," sen. barack obama promises a government foreign policy that looks more like that of the world. investigators will soon begin large-scale arrests of corrupt police who helped traffickers make southern mexico into a huge illegal immigration pipeline to the united "states," a top official said thursday. representatives from shanghai and "cheongju," a well-known tourist city in the republic of korea ( "rok)," met here wednesday to discuss ways to enhance their friendly ties.                  
270 the world trade organisation (wto) is facing its first major crisis with no sign of a new director general to replace outgoing head peter "sutherland," officials said friday. an international conference said wednesday that tigers should not be bred in captivity for their body "parts," urging beijing to resist pressure from wealthy chinese tiger farm owners to scrap a 14-year ban on using tigers for traditional medicines. a powerful volcanic eruption in "iceland," spewing clouds of ash that disrupted air traffic across northern europe "thursday," could last """a" long "time,""" experts said. nothing makes an american president bristle more quickly than the prospect of open defiance _ by "allies," by enemies or by nations that hover between the two. one woman in seven in us military academies becomes the victim of sexual "assault," one in every two suffering harrassment during "training," according to a new defense ministry report. the weekly world news will cease publication in august. it will be "missed," being the only newspaper that covers "sasquatch," space "aliens," "ghosts," elvis sightings and bat "boy," among other vitally important things. the new york islanders signed ken sutton away from the eastern conference champion new jersey "devils," agreeing to a two-year contract with the defenseman on thursday. china's fifth national census began around the country at zero hour "wednesday," recruiting six million census workers who are expected to visit 350 million families.                       
271 the islamic resistance movement (hamas) on friday protested a palestinian crackdown on its militants calling for their release and the return of their arms. nasa began retracting an old solar array on the international space station wednesday to make way for a new "array," hoping to avoid the problems that plagued removal of another power-generating wing last year. germany coach joachim loew admitted thursday he is considering ending kevin kuranyi's exile from the national side and taking the striker to the world cup. he drove two hours in the rain. donned his makeshift hefty bag raincoat. dined on the ancestral nascar brunch of krispy kremes and budweiser. togo's self-exiled opposition leader gilchrist olympio returned to lome saturday after two years' absence to a welcome by thousands of people ahead of next month's presidential elections. security is big business in "colombia," where a four-decade civil war has spawned a cottage industry of manufacturers and service companies whose mission is to keep their clients alive. "fifa," soccer's governing "body," adopted a new international transfer system "thursday," one that could lead to another lawsuit by european players. the armies of indonesia and singapore will improve their "professionalism," indonesian army chief of staff general endriartono sutarto said wednesday.                                                   
272 liechtenstein is to vote for the second time on april 9 on whether to back a european economic area (eea) treaty which the tiny nation has negotiated with "brussels," sources said friday. leading children's rights campaigner graca machel on wednesday called for heavy penalties to be imposed on those trafficking mozambican women and children. chinese premier wen jiabao has postponed his trip to "myanmar," brunei and "indonesia," state media reported "thursday," after a huge quake killed at least 600 people. the archdiocese of new york said sunday evening that six priests who were named in allegations of sexual misconduct had been ``asked to leave their current "assignments,''" and were ``not to represent themselves as priests.'' alessandro del piero scored the only goal as juventus beat reggina jan-00 on saturday to open up a three-point lead over ac milan at the top of serie a. if we encountered alien "life," would we recognize it? i don't mean "large," "ambulatory," tentacle-snapping organisms with eyeballs on the ends of stalks. those are always obvious. i'm talking about the "low-key," chilled-out microscopic life-forms that might be lurking below the surface of "mars," or beneath the crust of a powerful storm hit southeastern china early friday and forced evacuations in some flood-prone regions. "earlier," typhoon utor lashed southern taiwan and the northern "philippines," driving thousands from their "homes," triggering mudslides and killing at least 54 people. israeli prime minister ehud barak called the car bomb attack in downtown jerusalem thursday afternoon """a" very serious "incident""" and called on the palestinian
273 irish prime minister john bruton asked sinn fein leader gerry adams on friday to use his influence with the ira to persuade it to start moves towards decommissioning its huge arsenal of weapons. "norton," one of the original whale sharks at the georgia "aquarium," died early "wednesday," the aquarium's second whale shark death in five months. the british charity oxfam international on thursday announced that it had suspended operations at "mbandaka," a key town in the northwest democratic republic of "congo," because of insecurity. mike "wallace," who turns 84 in "may," said that next fall he will severely reduce his involvement with ``60 "minutes,''" the cbs news magazine that he helped start in 1968 prime minister tony blair faced another challenger in britain's upcoming elections after the father of a military policeman killed in iraq pledged saturday to stand against him in an upcoming election. for the last three "years," calls from the nation's workers about job discrimination have been answered by a private call center. but its contract is coming to an "end," in large part because of opposition by unions and key democrats in congress. brian jordan homered twice to help greg maddux win his sixth straight decision as the atlanta braves beat the philadelphia phillies 5-sep thursday night. the palestinians leadership thursday called on the palestinian people to unify stances in efforts to realize a just and comprehensive peace with israel.                     
274 some 350 bosnian moslems have crossed from serb into government-held "territory," the un high commissioner for refugees (unhcr) said here friday. south africa's intelligence minister said wednesday that the islamic insurgency in somalia could have a ripple "effect," spreading extremism across africa. a strike by workers at oil giant total disrupted production at most of the six refineries across france on thursday but union officials said filling stations would not be affected. bob "goldsholl," then broadcasting nets games on long island in the "1970s," was told by his producer that uncle miltie was in the building and that the old tv star had agreed to do a halftime interview. police made dozens of arrests as thousands of anti-war "demonstrators," some carrying flag-draped "coffins," marched in new york on saturday to mark the second anniversary of the us-led invasion of iraq. china rejoiced wednesday in the rescue of 69 miners who had been trapped for three days in a flooded coal shaft and kept alive by air and milk sent down a ventilation pipe. a u.s. air force sergeant suspected of raping a japanese woman on the island of okinawa was questioned at a police station "friday," but the u.s. ambassador said talks on his arrest were still under way. israeli prime minister ehud barak called the car bomb attack in downtown jerusalem thursday afternoon """a" very serious "incident""" and called on the palestinian national authority to rearrest the released islamic militants.              
275 an aide to the president of the ukrainian parliament has been accused by a parliamentary commission of receiving illicit money from the national bank of "ukraine," the news agency itar-tass said friday. german researchers have completed the final volume of a new collection of the complete works of johann sebastian "bach," crowning a 55-year "effort," the head of leipzig's bach archive said wednesday. chinese premier wen jiabao has postponed his trip to "myanmar," brunei and "indonesia," state media reported "thursday," after a huge quake killed at least 600 people. no bob baffert for the first time in six years. perhaps no d. wayne lukas for the second year in a row. suddenly the irish superhorse may not be so super after suffering a first defeat on sunday and may stay in ireland. what is the kentucky derby to president george w. bush on saturday defended his decision to order the invasion of iraq two years "ago," hailing the campaign as a landmark event in the history of freedom. in a sweeping deal to end years of "controversy," the j. paul getty museum agreed wednesday to return to italy 40 antiquities from its "collection," including several masterpieces and its prized fifth-century b.c. statue of the goddess aphrodite. alex rodriguez hit a grand slam and rafael palmeiro homered twice as the texas rangers routed the seattle mariners 14-2 thursday night to earn a split of their four-game series. palestinian refugees held demonstrations here on thursday to protest at israeli use of force against palestinian civilians in the
276 the united states and international lenders friday lauded mexico's tough austerity measures unveiled the day "before," and announced new loans for the troubled latin american nation. saboteur bombers destroyed the two minarets of samarra's askariya shiite shrine early "wednesday," site of a 2006 bombing that shattered its famous golden dome and unleashed a wave of retaliatory sectarian violence that still bloodies iraq. sunni extremists of al-qaida were quickly blamed. pakistan's senate thursday unanimously approved constitutional reforms stripping the key powers of president asif ali zardari to dissolve the parliament. bobby valentine's question was ``deki masuka?'' which is the polite or formal way of asking ``can you do it?'' in japanese. england centre jamie noon admitted he could not believe what had happened to him after scoring a hat-trick of tries in england's 43-22 calcutta cup six nations win against scotland here at twickenham on saturday. assisted by tiny electrodes implanted in his "brain," a man who had been in a coma-like state for six years regained the ability to drink from a "cup," comb his hair and speak in short "sentences," researchers said wednesday. china executed more people in the last three months than the rest of the world did in the past three years _ "1,781" people put to death in a government campaign against "crime," amnesty international said friday. the military wing of the radical palestinian group islamic jihad claimed responsibility for the car bomb explosion thursday afternoon in jerusalem which killed two israelis and injured nine others.     
277 parishioners of a catholic church here have organised a picket and are threatening a hunger strike to force money-changers out of their "temple," the news agency interfax said here friday. the vatican's u.n. observer presented an award for promoting peace and development to the president of the u.n. general "assembly," a pioneering arab lawyer and women's rights advocate who publicly supported contraception in the fight against aids. the board of the international news agency agence france-presse (afp) on thursday appointed emmanuel "hoog," an experienced administrator of media and cultural "bodies," as its new chairman and chief executive. on a grass surface chosen in deference to a legendary "teammate," andy roddick made the difference in the united states' 1-mar victory against spain in the davis cup quarterfinals. alessandro del piero scored the only goal as juventus beat reggina jan-00 on saturday to open up a three-point lead over ac milan at the top of serie a. "finally," prince is making headlines for selling his new album instead of giving it away. ``planet "earth,''" his third album in three "years," sold "96,000" copies during its first week in stores to debut at no. 3 on the national album sales chart "wednesday," according to nielsen/soundscan. the bags piled high at granite seed co.'s busy warehouse are labeled with names familiar on the western range: "sagebrush," winter "fat," creosote "bush," lupines. cypriot government thursday welcomed the agreement reached between palestinian leader yasser arafat and israeli regional cooperation minister shimon peres on moves to reduce tension in the palestinian territories.
278 the hungarian foreign minister is to make an unscheduled trip to slovakia on saturday for talks with slovakian prime minister vladimir meciar after experts preparing a bilateral treaty failed to reach agreement. hundreds of members of a fatah-allied clan engaged in fierce battles with hamas in recent months surrendered wednesday to the islamic "militants," witnesses said. an investment bank is threatening to sell english premier league side birmingham city due to an unpaid debt of 2.2 million pounds (3.3 million dollars) they claim is owed to them by club owner carson yeung. kansas "city," mo. - brad manis was working in his yard outside "hartford," "kan.," last monday when he found the remains of an "infant," left to die of neglect and dumped near a central kansas highway. rain has prevented the start of play on the third day of the second cricket test between new zealand and australia here sunday. china rejoiced wednesday in the rescue of 69 miners who had been trapped for three days in a flooded coal shaft and kept alive by air and milk sent down a ventilation pipe. india.arie's heroes range from stevie wonder and donny hathaway to oleta "adams," oprah "winfrey," toni morrison and ``my "mom," who taught me everything i know about singing and life.'' the military wing of the radical palestinian group islamic jihad group claimed responsibility for the booby-trapped car bomb attack thursday afternoon in downtown jerusalem which killed two israelis and injured nine others.          
279 british prime minister john major on friday said his forthcoming visit to israel and the palestinian self-rule gaza strip would look at ways of improving living standards in the region. a joint african union-united nations peacekeeping force could be in conflict-torn darfur by "october," depending on how quickly the two organizations are able to get troops and "funds," a sudanese diplomat said wednesday. thousands of yemenis protested on thursday following a call by opposition parties against raising the prices of "goods," as well as the authorities """violations""" against southern activists. waving blue and white israeli banners and placards denouncing palestinian "terrorism," some "10,000" demonstrators overflowed a plaza near the u.n. headquarters in manhattan on sunday for a noisy but peaceful rally in support of israel's military offensive on the west bank. belgium's kim clijsters won the indian wells wta tournament title here on "saturday," defeating lindsay davenport "6-4," "4-6," 2-jun in the final. democratic presidential candidate barack obama issued a pointed warning wednesday to pakistani president pervez musharraf by "saying," as "president," he would be prepared to order u.s. troops into that country unilaterally if it failed to act on its own against islamic extremists. although ``there's a good level of creative "tension,''" kevin bacon doesn't expect to be swapping insults with his "brother," "michael," on vh1's ``behind the music.'' the arab league will hold an emergency meeting of the follow-up committee set up by last month's arab summit """as" soon as "possible""" to discuss the latest developments in the palestinian-israeli "conflict," the official middle
280 the european union on friday demanded the immediate release of a spanish trawler seized by canada and protested the action by refusing to consider a scientific cooperation agreement with ottawa. chrysler will invest $450  million (euro339 million) into its kenosha engine plant so it can manufacture the company's next generation of v-6 engines. rescuers and aid supplies began slowly rolling in thursday to a remote area of northwest china flattened by a devastating quake that left more than 600 people dead and "100,000" homeless. the tape that runs in coach herman edwards' head was vivid enough to help him decide that the jets needed sam cowart at linebacker. tens of thousands of people marched through european cities "saturday," banging "drums," waving banners and posters denouncing the """war" on "terror""" on the second anniversary of the us-led invasion of iraq. u.s. commanders in kuwait said wednesday that they have enormous capability to handle the tens of thousands of troops and their equipment that would stream out of iraq during a u.s. withdrawal. paul walker plays an undercover detective posing as an import-car street racer in the new "movie," ``the fast and the furious.'' the united arab emirates (uae) and jordan on thursday urged the international community to exert pressure on israel to """end" its racist and heinous practices against the palestinian "people,""" the official wam news agency reported.                            
281 michael jordan's increasingly likely return to basketball has raised the hopes of us sports "fans," who have suffered through the gloom of "strikes," lockouts and fallen heroes since his retirement. a joint african union-united nations peacekeeping force could be in conflict-torn darfur by "october," depending on how quickly the two organizations are able to get troops and "funds," a sudanese diplomat said wednesday. chinese president hu jintao has cut short a tour of latin america on thursday to return home to deal with his country's devastating "earthquake," officials here said. bobby valentine was a helpless manager on sunday. he could do nothing about first baseman john valentin's eighth-inning "error," which allowed the braves to score the tying run. not wanting to risk further injury to mike piazza and mo "vaughn," valentine essentially ran out of moves by the 10th an improvised bomb shattered the glass windows of a building in the philippine financial district where president gloria arroyo's husband has an "office," police said on sunday. nine months "ago," missouri voters became the first in the nation to pass a constitutional amendment protecting embryonic stem-cell research. frances o'connor plays the ``mother'' to "david," a robot boy programmed to "love," in steven spielberg's new "film," ``a.i. artificial intelligence.'' a palestinian teenager was shot dead by israeli soldiers in the west bank city of bethlehem thursday "evening," palestinian sources said.                           
282 syrian president hafez al-assad held talks here saturday with saudi foreign minister prince saud al-faysal who arrived on a surprise visit. when contract talks between the u.s.-based automakers and the united auto workers formally begin next "month," bargainers for both sides already know what will be on the table: eliminating the roughly $25-an-hour (euro18.80-an-hour) labor cost gap between detroit and its japanese competitors. all air traffic at oslo "airport," norway's "biggest," was suspended at 10:00 am (0800 gmt) thursday due to clouds of ash from a volcano eruption in "iceland," its operators said in a statement. michael frayn's "characters," in both his novels and his "plays," suffer from a form of psychological "myopia," a blindered self-absorption that leads them to impose their obsessions upon the "world," with comical or devastating results for themselves and everyone around them. in his previous "novel," the smart and very us president george w. bush is to return to the white house from his texas ranch ahead of schedule sunday to sign a controversial bill being pushed through congress in an attempt to prolong the life of a brain-damaged florida "woman," his spokesman said. customers dining on surf and turf at a local restaurant may find themselves feasting on steak and a handful of breaded shrimp that took wildly disparate paths through a disjointed american food-safety system. a prominent zambian politician was shot and killed "friday," the day he was to testify in a corruption case against three government "ministers," his attorney said. wahid made the statement on wednesday following
283 thai king bhumibol adulyadej's was in """satisfactory""" condition saturday after treatment for a heart "problem," according to the royal household. united airlines remains interested in industry consolidation and would like to team up with a u.s. carrier with a strong presence in the northeast and a hub in the "south," its chief financial officer said wednesday. australian officials thursday said a """very" "tired""" sailor's simple navigation errors caused a cargo ship to run aground and badly damage the great barrier "reef," as two crew faced court over the crash. with the 1996 law that dramatically reshaped delivery of public benefits to the poor set to expire in "september," lawmakers will have to renew the measure in order to keep services flowing to millions of americans who rely on the program. india captain sourav ganguly said sunday the first-ball dismissal of pakistani batsman younis khan led to his team's 195-run victory in the second test at eden gardens here. sen. johnny isakson found himself wednesday night in the capitol's sumptuous strom thurmond room. the "menu," the georgia republican "recalled," was bland sliced chicken in an unidentifiable white sauce and walnut salad. the mission was a round of spine-stiffening. a strain of meningitis bacteria killed a pro golfer from "zimbabwe," a month before edmonton plays host to track and field's world championships. germany will provide bangladesh with a grant of 63.4 million german marks (27.6 million u.s. dollars) in financial and technical cooperation assistance for year 2000          
284 pressure is mounting in the us-japan auto saga in the run-up to march "31," the end of japan's fiscal year and a date cited by washington as a """benchmark""" for progress on the automobile problem. the signature theatre "company," one of off-broadway's most prominent nonprofit "theaters," will continue offering $20  (euro15) theater tickets as part of an initiative to make shows more affordable for the next four seasons at its 160-seat performance space. japan's mazda motor will recall nearly "90,000" passenger cars domestically and in china due to an oil hose "defect," the company said thursday. the space shuttle atlantis overcame a last-minute computer problem and rocketed toward the international space station on "monday," hauling with it a $600  million girder that will be the central vertebrae of the outpost's metallic backbone. zimbabwe's opposition leader will meet poll monitors from the south african government this week after his party accused them of """prejudging""" the march 31 parliamentary vote as free and "fair," a minister said sunday. congress's august break will find rep. jan "schakowsky," "d-ill.," in iraq equipped with flak "jacket," helmet and tough "questions," but unburdened by doubt. the european commission said friday it was analyzing the terms of fiat spa's and electricite de france's hostile bid for italian electricity producer montedison spa. at least 10 "civilians," including a "woman," were killed and seven others injured in the crossfire during an encounter between militants and assam rifles personnel on the imphal airport road in imphal of east india's manipur state "thursday," official sources said.
285 egypt is to export a million dollars worth of trousers to japan in the first deal of its "kind," industry minister ibrahim fawzi said here saturday. oil and gasoline prices rallied wednesday after the government reported that the nation's gasoline stockpiles remain well below average for this time of year. japan's mazda motor will recall nearly "90,000" passenger cars domestically and in china due to an oil hose "defect," the company said thursday. here on the quiet streets of "israel," where no one wants to visit a restaurant that is "popular," where people scuttle away from anyone with a thick "coat," where holy books preach brotherhood as humans call for "reprisals," how can faith in the future be restored? the woman suspected of murdering french banker edouard stern was described sunday as distraught and weeping in jail following the fatal shooting of her millionaire lover. sen. olympia j. snowe will be on the streets of portland and brunswick and bangor this week consulting her ``greatest barometer'' on the war. the chief prosecutor of the u.n. war crimes tribunal disclosed for the first time friday that two croat citizens have been indicted by the court on suspicion of war crimes. at least 17 people were killed thursday in a truck accident in pyuthan district of western "nepal," the official radio nepal reported.                                  
286 the palestinian self-rule authority is to debate different alternatives on the fate of "jerusalem," a senior plo official said saturday. two astronauts floated outside the international space station wednesday with a couple of tasks on their to-do list: help fold up a solar panel and complete work on the newest segment to power the orbiting outpost. strong growth figures from china and better-than-expected consumer spending data in the united states lifted most asian markets thursday on growing optimism over the global economy. in the past five "years," london has emerged as one of europe's most exciting culinary meccas with a respectable showing of restaurants with "one," two or three michelin stars. although the city has long offered good inexpensive ethnic food and a modest selection of italian "restaurants," upscale menus have eu finance ministers battled sunday to strike a deal to rewrite the bloc's tattered fiscal rule "book," but resistance to letting ailing germany loosen the budget belt set the stage for bruising clashes. bolivia has endured popular uprisings in recent years dubbed the ``gas war''' and the ``water war.'' now it faces the ``capital war.'' telecom italia on friday confirmed that some of its top executives were under investigation for possible fraud and conflict of interest but said it was confident they would be cleared of any wrongdoing. at least 10 "civilians," including a "woman," were killed and seven others injured in the crossfire during an encounter between militants and assam rifles personnel on the imphal airport road in imphal of east india's manipur
287 a plane carrying the bodies of two american diplomats killed in an ambush here four days ago left saturday for the united "states," airport officials said. with the goal of educating the public about modern "art," artists marcel "duchamp," katherine dreier and man ray formed the societe "anonyme," "inc.," in 1920 premier wen jiabao will visit quake-hit northwestern china on thursday to see the disaster zone and emergency response "operations," state media reported. on my frequent trips to new mexico i usually choose between two types of lodging: a tent when i want to hike and explore the "outdoors," and a hotel or bed-and-breakfast near the plaza in santa fe when i want a comfortable bed with fine "linens," a well-appointed "bathroom," world champion michael schumacher admitted here sunday that his chances of retaining his crown for a sixth consecutive year are already not looking good after just two races of the season. what happens in vegas may stay in "vegas," but what's happening in the housing market -- a financial bust of epic proportions -- clearly isn't just staying there any longer. a group of 28 top private colleges and universities announced friday they will follow new guidelines to boost financial aid for needy students. the israel defense forces (idf) redeployed armored vehicles and tanks in gaza strip friday "afternoon," one day after their pullout.                             
288 russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev and us secretary of state warren christopher will discuss """european" security "structures""" and the conflicts in the former yugoslavia in geneva march 22 and "23," the russian foreign ministry announced saturday. the ceo of southwest airlines co. said wednesday that the low-cost carrier could be forced to put the brakes on growth because revenue is not rising as fast as expected. russian prime minister vladimir putin held telephone talks with ousted kyrgyzstan president kurmanbek bakiyev for the first time since protests swept him from "power," a spokesman said thursday. the 128th kentucky derby lost one of its leading contenders monday when "repent," the louisiana derby "winner," was found to have a chipped bone in his left front ankle. the european union's long-strained fiscal rules must show greater "flexibility," european commission chief jose manuel barroso said in an interview here on sunday. researchers have solved a medical mystery that has eluded them for hundreds of "years," demonstrating that an abundance of abnormal skin proteins causes the blotchy skin condition called rosacea. turkish financial markets fell sharply friday amid fears that the government was making no headway in persuading international lenders to release $3.30  billion in loans that will finance a crisis recovery plan. the kuwaiti coast guards intercepted and seized on friday an iraqi oil tanker and arrested its 17 "crew," all "iraqis," kuwait's interior ministry said.                        
289 mcdonald's hamburger chain must pay "375,000" dollars to a man hurt when hit by a car driven by a mcdonald's employee who was tired because he worked a long "shift," a court confirmed here wednesday. there are no plans to build a hotel along a planned highway to a base camp on mount "everest," a top tibetan official said "wednesday," although he would not rule out the idea in the future. yemen warned shiite rebels on thursday against violating a truce and taking up arms against the government "again," after leaflets were distributed calling for "jihad," the interior ministry said. garden "city," "kan.," missed out on the suburban building boom of the postwar years. what it got instead were sprawling subdivisions of cattle. champion australian cricketer adam gilchrist closed in on a cricketing record monday as he flayed the new zealand bowlers for an unbeaten 60 off 62 balls in the third cricket test at eden park. the attack apparently targeted diyala provincial and tribal leaders who are part of u.s. efforts to forge an alliance against sunni "extremists," who once controlled large parts of the city about 35 miles northeast of the capital. argentina's president said he was a step closer to winning political backing for a cost-cutting plan to rescue the nation from a deepening economic crisis could damage markets elsewhere. the chinese government has all along regarded the space industry as an integral part of the state's comprehensive development "strategy," and upheld that the exploration and utilization of outer space should be
290 olympic champion fred borre lundberg of norway won the nordic world ski championships combined gold "medal," snatching the title as japan's favored skiers faded in the 15km cross-country. aaron rowand hit a grand slam and drove in five "runs," helping the philadelphia phillies complete their first home sweep this season with an 4-aug victory over the chicago white sox on wednesday. poland faced a spiralling row thursday over a decision to bury president lech kaczynski in a castle alongside past "kings," a move that has sparked protests and cracked the grieving nation's unity. a gunbattle between israeli and palestinian fighters damaged the exterior of the church of the nativity on monday and ignited a fire in an adjoining "monastery," scarring one of christianity's holiest sites as a standoff at the church continued for a sixth day. several thousand protestors in kyrgyzstan on sunday set fire to a police station and stormed a regional governor's headquarters in the south of the former soviet republic in anger over disputed parliamentary polls. after weeks of speculation followed by a spectacular "collapse," american home mortgage investment corp. filed for bankruptcy protection "monday," a victim of tightening credit markets and the decreasing value of its loan portfolio. friends can pick up prescriptions at the local pharmacy. hospitals don't have to build soundproof rooms for patient consultation. parents generally may be told if their children have had abortions or visited drug clinics. "jiang," who is also the general-secretary of the communist party of china (cpc) central "committee," said that bilateral relations
291 ivan pedroso of cuba won the men's long jump with a championship record of "8.51m," defeating mattias sunneborn of sweden -8.2 and erick walder of the united states (8.14). americans brushed off rising gasoline prices and stormed the malls in "may," pushing up retail sales by the largest amount in more than a year. russian president dmitry medvedev arrived here wednesday on the first visit by a russian head of state to "argentina," touting moscow's drive to expand its presence and influence in latin america. kansas city homicide detectives monday began investigating the case of a driver who died after an 8-pound trailer-hitch ball was thrown through his truck's windshield by another driver. at least four iraqi policemen were killed and two wounded when gunmen on sunday attacked a police station in "baquba," northeast of "baghdad," police said. iran's leading reformist newspaper was temporarily banned again monday for publishing an interview with an exiled iranian poet known for her poems explicitly exploring female sexuality. two employees of the company that manufactures the prescription painkiller oxycontin have been accused of possessing the drug with the intent to distribute it. china is willing to see a more active role by the eu in international "affairs," especially in pushing for a multipolarized "world," jiang noted.                                           
292 american a.j. kitt accused skiing officials of corruption here on "saturday," in a furious outburst after a controversial world cup downhill race. as president george w. bush pressed lawmakers to get immigration reform back on "track," immigrants across the u.s. were "marching," "praying," writing lawmakers and hitting the road for washington in a desperate push to revive the stalled measure. an independent panel was thursday to to release its sensitive report on the 2007 slaying of pakistani ex-premier benazir bhutto after complying with islamabad's request for a two-week delay. the treasury's inflation-indexed savings "bonds," which were such a good deal before last "november," are being ravaged by low inflation. two people were killed and 14 wounded in iraq's main northern city of mosul sunday when gunmen attacked the funeral of a senior police officer slain hours earlier in a suicide "bombing," police and medics said. a federal judge in los angeles banned the u.s. navy from using high-powered sonar in nearly a dozen upcoming training exercises off southern "california," ruling monday that its use could ``cause irreparable harm to the environment.'' u.s. district judge florence-marie cooper issued the preliminary injunction after rejecting the navy's after a decade of "work," the last of 250 satellite monitoring stations was installed this week in a network that will allow earthquake scientists to measure with unprecedented precision the slightest movements of the earth's crust. israeli prime minister ehud barak's security advisor said on friday that the palestinian national authority (pna) is trying to stop outbreak of violent clashes between
293 galina "astafei," the former romanian now naturalised for germany and in her first competition for the "country," put together a faultless series in the women's high jump to win with 2.01m. the labor department said wednesday it would ask federal prosecutors to go after unions who refuse to file financial disclosure forms that show how they spend their members' money. a new political battle erupted wednesday over president barack obama's next big ticket agenda item -- a reform billed as the most sweeping wall street regulatory overhaul in more than 70 years. all season "long," los angeles kings coach andy murray reiterated that the records of the other teams in the western conference didn't matter. if the kings reached 93 "points," murray "said," they would make the "playoffs," so he saw no point in keeping track of the league standings. islamist faction hamas on sunday admitted it had accidentally killed a palestinian accused of being a "collaborator," paying tens of thousands of dollars compensation to the man's family. a 19-year-old man who confessed to the execution-style slaying of an oakland journalist last week did not act "alone," oakland police said monday. wall street's pessimism about earnings deepened "friday," sending the dow jones industrials down more than 200 points following more bad news from technology bellwethers emc and advanced micro devices. """thailand" has had one of the most successful approaches to hiv/ aids. "however," aids in thailand is "evolving," moving from one population group to "another,""" world bank thailand country director j. shivakumar told a press
294 china's lu chen won the women's figure skating world title here on saturday after falls ruined the golden hope of american nicole bobek. the academy of motion picture arts and sciences has ruled that a best-picture oscar winner can have more than three producers in """rare" and "extraordinary""" "circumstances," it announced wednesday. federal reserve chief ben bernanke warned on wednesday the us economy will recover at a """moderate""" pace and that significant time will be needed to claw back jobs lost in the recession. kansas city got a commitment to its stadiums from missouri gov. bob holden on monday. but the task "now," the governor "said," is writing the ``fine print.'' saturday's suicide car bombing in "qatar," home to the us central command and the operational base for the 2003 us-led war on "iraq," is the consequence of doha's pro-american "policies," analysts say. israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas met monday in the west bank city of jericho for talks in advance of a proposed u.s.-orchestrated peace conference later this year. no breakthrough was "reported," although both sides described the closed meeting in positive terms. sterling marlin posted the fastest time in qualifying for the pepsi 400 before rain suspended action friday with about a quarter of the field still waiting to go. the adb official made the remarks when he was talking with mr. vongsy "visoth," secretary of state of the cambodian finance ministry "thursday," the local newspaper in khmer reported.        
295 world squash champion jansher khan cruised to an emphatic "15-13," "15-8," 15-7 victory over england's peter marshall in the portuguese open final on saturday. five-ounce (142-gram) tubes of toothpaste labeled colgate and sold in discount stores in four u.s. states are being recalled because they may contain a poisonous "chemical," according to the importer. us defense secretary robert gates on wednesday offered to deepen security cooperation with "peru," colombia and mexico and take a joint approach to challenges like drug traffickers or insurgents. dale earnhardt jr.'s rise from young driver to superstar status was built greatly on a successful foundation he paved at texas motor speedway. zimbabwean opposition leader morgan tsvangirai sunday said president robert mugabe's ruling party would fail to wrest control of a key rural constituency in march 31 parliamentary polls despite the jailing of an opposition lawmaker on """trumped" up "charges.""" president bush declined monday to say whether the united states would seek permission from pakistani president pervez musharraf before attacking top al-qaida leaders if intelligence indicated they were hiding in pakistan. lawmakers may examine accounting fraud by big corporations as the securities and exchange commission investigates a growing number of companies _ well over 200 _ for possible earnings manipulation. the stock exchange of thailand (set) index closed up 7.54 "points," or three "percent," at 287.84. the blue-chip set 50 index closed at "20.12," up 0.66 "points," or also three "percent," at 20.12.                  
296 scotland's sam torrance made a spirited recovery after a disappointing first nine to take a one-shot lead in the moroccan open third round here on saturday. attorneys for a reputed ku klux klansman concluded their case wednesday without his testimony on kidnapping and conspiracy charges in the 1964 deaths of two black mississippi teenagers. japanese automaker toyota said thursday it will test all its sport utility vehicles for safety after suspending sales of the lexus gx 460 suv worldwide due to a roll-over risk. an internet-based system being introduced tuesday will allow doctors to send prescriptions directly to a pharmacy's computer from a hand-held or desk-top "computer," wireless telephone or text pager. several thousand people joined a demonstration in the albanian capital tirana sunday organized by the "opposition," which accused the socialist government corruption and plunging the country into misery. five "armed," masked thieves sprinted into an art museum on the french riviera during opening hours sunday afternoon and snatched a monet and three other masterpieces off the walls in the latest brazen heist of high-profile art from the rich collections of europe. after months of "delay," the pentagon said friday it will attempt to shoot down a missile outside the earth's atmosphere on july "14," the first missile defense test of its kind since a failed intercept one year ago. vietnamese government has decided to make efforts to intensify its administrative reforms at all "levels," local business newspaper saigon time daily (sgt) reported friday.          
297 olympic champion fred borre lundberg of norway won the nordic world ski championships combined gold here on saturday as defending champion kenji ogiwara faltered in the 15km cross-country. trespassing charges against 16 people who protested military shipments to iraq were dismissed because prosecutors waited too long to provide key reports to the defense. flights over northern scotland were grounded thursday as an ash cloud from a volcano eruption in iceland drifted over the "country," said air traffic control service nats. the national organization for the reform of marijuana laws foundation said on monday that it was beginning a "$500,000 " advertising campaign featuring mayor michael bloomberg paired with a remark he made praising marijuana to a magazine reporter last year before he announced he was running for mayor. the mother and grandmother of a six-year-old boy drowned in a swiss lake sunday trying to rescue the child from the icy "water," police said. conservative candidate jose guadalupe osuna millan beat back a strong challenge from gambling tycoon jorge hank rhon to win the gubernatorial election in baja "california," according to preliminary election results. the hospital that put the world's first self-contained artificial heart into a patient is being swamped with calls from others who want to undergo the procedure. share prices continued to rise for the fourth consecutive day on the singapore stock market friday as gains in hi-tech stocks offset losses by blue chips.                     
298 president bill clinton on saturday nominated investment banker james wolfensohn as the next president of the world bank to succeed the ailing lewis preston. a federal judge ruled wednesday that using settling ponds to remove sediment from streams at mountaintop removal coal mines violates u.s. law. japanese automaker toyota suspended sales of the lexus gx 460 sport utility vehicle worldwide "thursday," one day after halting deliveries in north america due to a roll-over risk. a federal judge in chicago on monday ordered kmart and penske auto "centers," which operated outlets in kmart stores "nationwide," to resolve a dispute involving the shutdown of the centers. no resolution had been reached by monday night. at least four iraqi police were killed and two wounded when gunmen on sunday attacked a police station in "baquba," northeast of "baghdad," police said. president bush warned afghan president hamid karzai on monday to be more suspicious of neighboring "iran," calling the islamic republic a ``destabilizing force'' that should be isolated until it drops any nuclear aspirations and proves it can be a positive influence. marion jones ran the fastest women's 100-meter dash of the season "friday," clocking 10.84 seconds at the paris grand prix. shenzhen special economic zone (sez) in south china has been striving to participate in international "competition," following deng xiaoping's instruction of """fighting" one's way out of a hard "environment""" some 20 years "ago," when he proposed to establish the economic zone.                
299 """we've" only lost three matches out of 22 - and that's a pretty good record by any standards. but to come here and play like that at anfield with all the traditions liverpool have got is "great.""" kellogg co. plans to make popular brands like "pop-tarts," froot loops and apple jacks healthier. but if the company's test kitchens cannot match the "taste," kellogg said it will leave the recipes alone and simply stop marketing such products to children under 12 the leaders of "china," india and south africa flew into brazil late wednesday for two days of talks among the world's top emerging economies. at the annual fund-raising dinner for united cerebral palsy of new york "city," praise is usually the order of the day. but this "year," employees will be picketing "outside," complaining rather than congratulating. a swedish policeman shot dead a 22-year old man in a confrontation which followed a quarrel between the man and his parents in "lindesberg," central "sweden," on "sunday," police said. at least four more ministers announced a boycott of prime minister nouri al-maliki's government "monday," deepening the crisis sparked less than a week ago by the withdrawal of six sunni muslim cabinet members. a police officer was slain and another was wounded friday as they chased at least one bank robbery suspect into an apartment "complex," sparking a four-hour standoff. "fu," who is also a member of the central military "commission," made the remarks in a meeting with henry "shelton," chairman of the joint chiefs of staff of
300 kazakhstan was in political limbo sunday after president nursultan nazarbayev dissolved parliament and the government in the wake of a constitutional court ruling that the march 1994 general elections were illegal. nicolas sarkozy will try to persuade poland to drop its threats to veto a new european union treaty meant to replace the stalled draft constitution when he makes his first visit to warsaw as french president on thursday. ex-hewlett-packard chief executive carly "fiorina," who is currently a candidate for a us senate seat in "california," had no knowledge of any bribe payments to secure a lucrative contract in russia during her "tenure," a spokeswoman said friday. just over a year "ago," on march "7," "2001," ariel sharon took office as israel's eleventh prime "minister," having beaten his "predecessor," ehud "barak," in a landslide. sharon's election seemed like the ultimate expression of israeli "anger," the choice of a public frustrated by the stagnation of the peace un secretary general kofi annan on sunday unveiled his blueprint for sweeping changes to the united nations and the international system of security in place since world war ii. question: i recently had an issue with princess cruise lines about their charges for shore excursions. in "belize," we decided to go cave "tubing," for which princess charged us $99  each. people on the same bus that took us to the place said they booked the excursion online for joe nemechek finally returned to racing "friday," almost two months after he was sidelined by injuries sustained in a crash during
301 buffeted by 30-mph winds and held up by slow "play," mark o'meara let his seven-shot lead in the honda classic golf tournament dwindle to three with just one round to play on saturday. suspected al-qaida bombers have toppled the towering minarets of samarra's revered shiite "shrine," dealing a bold blow to iraqi hopes for peace and reopening old wounds a year after the mosque's golden dome was destroyed. scandinavian airline sas warned it would temporarily lay off up to "2,500" employees in norway starting monday if flights halted due to a giant cloud of volcanic ash remained on the ground. just over a year "ago," on march "7," "2001," ariel sharon took office as israel's eleventh prime "minister," having beaten his "predecessor," ehud "barak," in a landslide. sharon's election seemed like the ultimate expression of israeli "anger," the choice of a public frustrated by the stagnation of the peace southampton moved out of the english premiership relegation zone with a 1-mar win over uefa cup spot chasers middlesbrough at the riverside on sunday. in the fall of "1908," the body of a hooker named nellie was found bobbing in a chicago river. police found her purse and a note inside. the government warned manufacturers of dietary supplements that "comfrey," an herb in some of their "products," is known to cause liver damage. the nepal electricity authority (nea) and two u.s. power companies signed here thursday a partnership agreement under which the u.s. will help nepal meet its power needs through the transfer of the latest
302 thirty years after a bloody crisis led to the overthrow of indonesia's first head of state "soekarno," his daughter megawati has arrived on the scene to haunt his successor suharto's regime. twenty years after signing an unprecedented peace agreement to end central america's civil "wars," two regional leaders said the area has been forgotten by the international community -- and is in dire need of aid. clermont overcame eight missed points from the boot of brock james to claim a hard-fought 25-19 win over top 14 rivals castres on friday. john "daly," the pro "golfer," is playing a practice round when the cellphone in his back pocket rings. it rings just as he has contorted himself to the very top of his famously long and violent swing and is poised to turn his coiled fury on the golf ball. portuguese police vowed on sunday to take to the streets to demand better working conditions after a gunman shot dead two officers in a troubled lisbon suburb. low-airfare sites seem to proliferate faster than red tide in a summer ocean. a new entry in a crowded field is vayama.com. it focuses on international "flights," offering ``lowest prices and best schedule "options,''" plus fares ``never previously available "online,''" according to its site. mark mcgwire may be nearing the warning track of his "career," but the st. louis cardinals slugger isn't "going," "going," gone just yet. according to the ministry of "steel," as per the preliminary estimates of the u.s. department of commerce "(doc)," in value "terms," the
303 at least six people were killed as new shootings erupted in violence- plagued karachi on "sunday," where scores of people were taken into custody by "police," witnesses and hospital sources said. a spokeswoman for international aid group mercy corps says a foreign staff member has been shot in the head in eastern sri lanka. london investors will next week focus on critical data highlighting the state of britain's "economy," an issue that has taken centre stage in compaigning ahead of a general election in may. but as i ponder the valley's economic "wreckage," it appears the two regions share a "similar," albeit "familiar," story _ a tale of hard times and a hope that "this," "too," shall pass. the us senate on sunday passed legislation that congressional leaders hope will restore feeding to a heavily brain-damaged florida "woman," who has been kept on life support over the past 15 years. a monsoon dropped 14 inches of rain in one day across many parts of south asia this month. germany had its wettest may on "record," and april was the driest there in a century. temperatures in bulgaria reached 113 degrees last month and 90 degrees in moscow in late saying they set a bad "example," a federal judge sentenced robert f. kennedy jr. and several others to prison friday for trespassing during a protest to thwart u.s. navy bombing exercises on vieques island. palestinian national authority (pna) chairman yasser arafat saturday received an official invitation from u.s. president bill clinton for talks in washington. 
304 hong kong business tycoons have turned their back on britain's ruling conservative party by slashing traditonal donations to party "coffers," a report said sunday. chinese gymnast wang yan will likely be paralyzed for life following a horrific fall from the uneven bars at the national "championships," a key warmup for next year's beijing olympic "games," a newspaper reported thursday. norway and sweden temporarily reopened some airspace on "friday," while denmark and finland said they were grounding all traffic until saturday at least due to a cloud of volcanic ash from iceland. of all the oddball wines in the "world," gewuerztraminer is one of the oddest. gewuerz is perfumed with a scent like no other. "litchis," roses and spices are the usual "descriptives," but it doesn't matter what you compare it to; gewuerztraminer is instantly identifiable as itself. hundreds of activists appealed for a global tax on water and the creation of a """world" water "parliament""" to protect its "distribution," at the closing of the alternative world water forum sunday. hurricanes katrina and rita caused far more dislocation to louisiana's population than previously "estimated," with tens of thousands more people being forced to relocate than previous population counts have "suggested," according to a study released tuesday by the louisiana recovery authority. a federal judge ruled friday that authorities can destroy nine tons of squid and most of 13 tons of cocaine being preserved as evidence in a drug trial. the fifth round of u.n.- sponsored proximity talks on cyprus has tackled so far the issues related
305 a string of new bomb attacks in the algiers region has killed at least one person and wounded "three," while presumed islamic extremists have kidnapped several "women," torturing at least "two," algerian newspapers said sunday. a foreign staffer for international aid group mercy corps was shot in the head in eastern sri "lanka," a spokeswoman for the group said thursday. us president barack obama urged lawmakers friday to pass "legislation," due to come up next "week," giving the us capital's estimated "600,000" residents a member of congress with full voting rights. evgeny "kissin," the 30-year-old russian "pianist," brings his awe-inspiring technique to three pieces from the transcription trade: ferruccio busoni's piano version of bach's "toccata," adagio and fugue for organ; ``the "lark,''" a song by mikhail glinka adapted by mily balakirev; and mussorgsky's original ``pictures.'' the us senate on sunday passed legislation that congressional leaders hope will keep alive a heavily brain-damaged florida "woman," who has been fed artificially for 15 years. thomas h. "farrow," a retired fbi agent who bravely talked a gun-wielding hijacker into a surrender aboard a jet "airplane," died of congestive heart failure monday at rockingham memorial hospital in "harrisonburg," va. he was 82 rick "rhoden," seeking a record sixth "title," birdied the final five holes for a 7-under 65 and a four-stroke lead friday in the celebrity golf championship. a high-ranking official from the transparency international zimbabwe (tiz) said here saturday that there was an urgent need for the country to restore law and order so as to curb the
306 a plane carrying un special envoy yasushi akashi was hit by heavy machine gun fire sunday morning on landing at sarajevo "airport," a un protection force spokesman said here. police stepped up the hunt for members of a feared regional terror group thursday following the arrest of its alleged "leader," setting their sights on a malaysian militant who has pledged allegiance to al-qaida. spain's igor anton took over the leader's jersey of the tour of castilla y leon after winning friday's third "stage," a 158.8-kilometre course from leon to ponferrada in northwest spain. bringing an apparent end to five years of struggle between developers and "environmentalists," the u.s. fish and wildlife service on tuesday approved construction of an alabama gulf coast condominium complex despite expected harm to endangered sea turtles and beach mice. last-minute hitches emerged sunday in a promised handover of a second west bank town to palestinian security control as a rocket fired from the gaza strip hit israel without causing casualties in a first chink in the fragile calm maintained by militants in recent weeks. venezuelan president hugo chavez heralded new economic and energy ties to argentina on tuesday as part of a renewed petro-diplomacy initiative highlighting his bid for regional leadership. saying they set a bad "example," a federal judge sentenced robert f. kennedy jr. and several others to prison friday for trespassing during a protest to thwart u.s. navy bombing exercises on vieques island. zimbabwe is working on a rural integration export oriented program in a bid to create more
307 taiwan has increased its defense and foreign affairs budgets by a total of 16.3 "percent," with sizeable amounts designated for arms purchases and efforts to obtain international "memberships," press reports said sunday. oil prices retreated slightly in asian trading thursday after a u.s. government report boosted prices by failing to alleviate concerns that refiners are still not producing enough gasoline to meet demand. us air carriers grounded flights to europe for a second day friday as a massive cloud of ash from an icelandic volcano spilled across northern europe. predictions for restaurants here after sept. 11 were dire. business would be so "bad," people in the industry "feared," that dozens would be forced to close. eu finance ministers struck a deal late sunday after 12 hours of talks on rewriting their tattered fiscal rule "book," said luxembourg prime minister jean-claude "juncker," whose country chairs the eu's presidency. james t. ``jimmy'' "callahan," an actor best known for playing the cranky grandfather on television's ``charles in "charge,''" has died. he was 76 saying they set a bad "example," a federal judge sentenced robert f. kennedy jr. and several others to mainly 30-day terms friday for trespassing during a protest against u.s. navy bombing exercises on vieques island. secretary general of the organization of petroleum exporting countries (opec) alhaji rilwanu lukman blamed here saturday the u.s. and other western countries for the high oil prices.                       
308 strong winds have forced the organisers to cancel sunday's men's world cup super giant slalom. italy's peter runggaldier leads the standings with 252 points ahead of austria's guenther mader -214 and werner perathoner -177 of italy. ousted thai leader thaksin shinawatra denied reports that he bought a hk$210 million (us$27 million; euro20.23 million) townhouse on hong kong's exclusive peak "neighborhood," his lawyer said thursday. french airports in paris and across the north of the country will remain closed until at least 08:00 am (0600 gmt) saturday because of a volcanic ash cloud from iceland. lamb stew is a quintessential spring dish that can be a real celebration _ or unbearably heavy. the difference has little to do with the lamb and much to do with the vegetables. un secretary general kofi annan on sunday urged nations to ease the debt burden on poor countries and boost development and "trade," arguing that cutting poverty is essential to global security. federal rules try to limit media power by prohibiting a company from owning a newspaper and a tv station in the same city. a storm pushed a tree down on spectators at an outdoor performance in eastern "france," killing at least nine people and seriously injuring 18 "others," police said early saturday. thousands of israelis gathered at the rabin square in downtown tel aviv saturday evening to mark the fifth anniversary of the assassination of former prime minister yitzhak rabin.                 
309 a plane carrying un special envoy yasushi akashi was hit by heavy machine gun fire sunday morning on landing at sarajevo "airport," a un protection force spokesman said here. power and water was restored to most homes in chittagong on thursday as the city of 4 million struggled to recover from deadly monsoon storms that have killed at least 134 across "bangladesh," residents and officials said. the haitian parliament friday extended the quake-hit nation's state of emergency for another 18 months as it set up a special committee to take charge of reconstruction. the author persuasively argues in these pages that meze (the greek word for appetizers) are one of the most enjoyable and companionable aspects of greek "life," served everywhere from the humblest beachfront cafe to the most elegant big-city hotel. lebron james posted a cleveland record with 56 points - second highest in the national basketball association this season - but even he couldn't prevent the cavaliers' ninth straight road defeat. u.s. marines sometimes joke about having ``infantry ears.'' legend says grunts may lose some of their hearing because of job-related proximity to gunshots and artillery blasts but "that," in "compensation," they pick up a keen sensitivity to certain sounds and certain words. sounds such as an enemy sniper preparing boston red sox ace pedro martinez will take off the entire month of july to rest his ailing right "shoulder," he said friday. the general price index at tehran stock exchange closed at "2,724.29" points on "saturday," up 2.47 points from last wednesday's
310 a bosnian serb military tribunal has charged a bosnian croat soldier with """crimes" against "humanity,""" the bosnian serb news agency srna said sunday in a report monitored here. china said thursday that a climate change agreement reached at last week's g-8 summit was a good "start," but that more specific details are needed on how developed countries will contribute. iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad will give the opening speech at a weekend nuclear disarmament conference to be attended by 24 foreign and deputy foreign "ministers," official media reported. four "people," including a manhattan "lawyer," were indicted tuesday on charges that they helped to funnel information between an egyptian terrorist regime and its "leader," who is serving a life sentence in a u.s. prison. the us senate on sunday passed legislation that congressional leaders hope will keep alive a heavily brain-damaged florida "woman," who has been fed artificially for 15 years. for a "moment," at a town-hall campaign stop here on the eastern edge of "iowa," rudy giuliani's face clouded over. boston red sox ace pedro martinez will take off the entire month of july to rest his ailing right "shoulder," he said friday. veterinary officials have started culling an estimated "7,000" cattle and "2,000" goats in areas in south africa's northeastern province of kwazulu-natal hard hit by the latest outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease.                                 
311 croatia has agreed to a """scaling" "down""" of the mandate of the un peacekeeeping forces in its territory instead of a "withdrawal," a spokeswoman for un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali said here sunday. palestinian president mahmoud abbas of fatah will make an """important" "decision""" on thursday regarding the fighting in gaza and the future of fatah's coalition government with the islamic militant "hamas," officials at his office said. airports in paris will remain closed until at least 08:00 am (0600 gmt) saturday because of a volcanic ash cloud from "iceland," the civil aviation authority said. flying too close to the "flame," the moth is "incinerated," yet "otherwise," since this is the moth's "nature," the creature might just as well stay a caterpillar. approaching too close to vital engagement threatens a person's "destruction," but keeping a prudent distance risks slugdom. australian telecoms provider optus is planning a major corporate restructuring in response to slowing revenue growth and to prepare for a 110 million-dollar (79 million us) broadband "network," a report said monday. the washington d.c. judge who sued his dry cleaners for $54  million over a pair of pants may want to begin looking for a new job. a storm sent a large tree crashing down on spectators at an outdoor concert in eastern france late "friday," killing at least nine people and injuring more than 80 "others," including 18 "seriously," police said. president thabo mbeki said here on saturday that his government was doing all it could to ensure that the south african children be
312 croatia has agreed to a """scaling" "down""" of the mandate of the un peacekeeeping forces in its territory instead of a complete "withdrawal," a spokeswoman for un secretary general boutros boutros- ghali said here sunday. carlos pavon scored four "goals," three in the first "half," to lead honduras over cuba may-00 in a group c match of gold cup soccer on wednesday. irish budget airline ryanair has cancelled all its flights in northern europe and the baltic states until monday due to the volcanic ash cloud from "iceland," it said friday. japan's creaky financial system narrowly avoided a meltdown in the last fiscal "year," which ended march 31 but the new year has begun with one fiasco after another. transport group patrick corp. said monday it has gained a 50.26 majority share in australian budget airline virgin blue despite opposition to the takeover from the airline's independent directors. as the debate over new espionage legislation intensified last "week," senior democrats in congress gathered around a speakerphone late thursday to work out with director of national intelligence j. michael mcconnell what they thought were the final pieces of a deal. several bolivian ministers traveled to washington friday amid concerns about the health of president hugo "banzer," who was hospitalized there with a lung tumor. an exhibition of machinery and electric products from east china's jiangsu province was opened in nigerian commercial capital lagos on saturday with the participation of 26 exhibitors from the province.            
313 the algerian government is preparing to authorise residents of isolated regions to form vigilante groups to """protect" "themselves""" against attacks by armed "fundamentalists," interior minister abderrahmane meziane cherif told the independent on sunday. police stepped up the hunt for members of a feared regional terror group thursday following the arrest of its alleged "leader," setting their sights on a malaysian militant who has pledged allegiance to al-qaida. extensive travel restrictions in europe's airspace due to a massive cloud of volcanic ash from iceland have upset officials' agenda as they must switch from plane to train or road. the signage is discreet. an elegant gold plaque and a small white slab provide the only indications of what lies within the narrow brownstone presiding over the corner of madison avenue and 41st "street," a block from manhattan's grand central terminal. ``library hotel'' reads the unassuming lower-case "script," arranged at least 45 people died in violence in "iraq," including a us "soldier," as washington defended its decision to lead an invasion exactly two years ago amid protests around the world. a washington post article incorrectly stated that the interstate 35w bridge that collapsed into the mississippi river last week connected minneapolis and st. "paul," minn. the bridge connected two sections of minneapolis. for good and "bad," sterling marlin will always claim a significant spot in the daytona history books. he added another entry on the plus side friday. at least 44 "people," including 25 militants and eight security men were killed and 45 others injured in militancy-related incidents
314 china and the united states announced sunday the resumption of stalled talks on china's entry to the world trade organisation "(wto)," as both sides sought to bridge their differences over market access. monique currie scored a career-high 25 "points," and tree rollins got his first victory as a wnba coach in the washington mystics' 86-69 victory over the phoenix mercury on wednesday. the volcanic ash cloud that has moved over europe from iceland was likely to disrupt european air space for """several" "days""," a global association of air traffic control companies said friday. these sports stories for release "wednesday," april "10," "2002," are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. roger federer successfully defended his indian wells atp masters series "title," defeating lleyton hewitt "6-2," "6-4," 4-jun in sunday's final to claim his 26th career singles crown. the image on the left is ``woman drying "hair,''" a 1905 painting by french impressionist master edgar degas. the image beside it is a approximation of what stanford university retinal physiologist michael marmor believes degas may have seen when he was painting. an algerian who plotted to bomb an airport told jurors friday that he initially lied to the government to protect associates and to keep his family safe. at least eight people were killed and 23 injured when a bus rolled into a deep gorge near jais on theog-jubbal "road," 340 kilometers from shimla in north india's himachal "pradesh," "saturday," police said.           
315 more than "2,000" foreigners were deported from japan last november and december for illegal "entry," the immigration bureau said in a report released sunday. the philippine government said thursday it was surprised by the execution of a filipino in saudi "arabia," although it admitted that efforts to save his life through a settlement with the victim's family had failed. the volcanic ash cloud that has moved over europe from iceland was likely to disrupt european air space for """several" "days""," a global association of air traffic control companies said friday. a reader wrote a few weeks ago and asked why those small cards posted in liquor stores (called ``shelf talkers'' in the trade) rarely say anything about a particular wine's aging potential. three crewmen on a pirated japanese tugboat have been released unhurt after being held captive for a "week," their employer said monday. three recent stanford graduates have launched a web site that aims to ease some of the stress faced by college freshmen. rick ankiel struck out 15 in only six "innings," overpowering class a hitters and pitching the johnson city cardinals past the kingsport mets 2-apr friday night. karnataka government saturday entered into a memorandum of understanding with an american multinational to establish and develop the world's first """4g""" ( fourth generation) wireless pilot project here.                                    
316 a senior iranian offical on sunday urged pakistan to take steps to end attacks on shiites in spiralling violence in karachi which has left more than 60 people dead in three weeks. college students earn spending money in creative "ways," but few can compete with boston university senior allison yochim -- who once scored cash by watching dueling images of sea turtles and hardcore pornography. the first seawater desalination plant in sub-saharan africa opened friday in "namibia," where it will supply water to a desert uranium mine. atsushi funahashi's ``echoes'' is a moody wisp of a film that focuses on leslie (eden "rountree)," a sullen young new yorker who drifts around the east village on her bicycle exuding hostility. it may not soften the blow of losing to roger federer for the seventh straight "match," but for one memorable moment in the second set lleyton hewitt was feeling pretty smug. ventilated pet carriers made of metal or plastic are the transportation mode of choice for "cats," who typically dislike travel of any kind. but in a "pinch," a "pillowcase," twine and a tote bag can be used for emergency trips to the vet or other unexpected exits. dawn staley scored 17 points and tonya edwards added 16 as the charlotte sting extended their winning streak to five games with a 67-50 victory over the detroit shock on friday night. some "1,000" german far-rightists held a demonstration saturday in the center of berlin to protest a government plan to ban the national democratic party (npd). 
317 as each town and village in breakaway chechnya struggles to survive an unrelenting russian "advance," a grass-roots brand of democracy is flourishing. a foreign staffer for international aid group mercy corps was shot in the head in eastern sri "lanka," a spokeswoman for the group said thursday. bank of america returned to profit in the first quarter of this "year," the firm said "friday," reporting better than expected profit of 3.2 billion dollars. palestinian fighters used "gunfire," explosives and a suicide bomber to kill 13 israeli reserve soldiers tuesday in a crowded refugee "camp," making it the deadliest day yet for israel in its incursion into the west bank. two soldiers serving with un forces in haiti -- one from sri lanka and one from nepal -- were killed sunday during security "operations," officials said. here's an emerging line of attack you can expect to hear more of in the 2008 congressional campaigns -- especially if you live near a vulnerable democratic incumbent: ``democrats vote to give welfare benefits to illegal aliens.'' a storm sent a large tree crashing down on spectators at an outdoor concert in eastern france late "friday," killing at least 10 people and injuring more than 80 "others," including 18 "seriously," police said. china topped the medals tally while hosts vietnam came second as the fifth asian wushu championships concluded here on saturday.                            
318 croatia has agreed to allow un peacekeepers to remain in the former yugoslav republic but with a changed mandate that will stress monitoring croatia's "borders," croatian president franjo tudjman said here sunday. marianne "wiggins," literary "author," is not pretending she is up on modern technology. she writes in longhand and doesn't bother with cell "phones," except in her car -- """in" case i have a "flat.""" eu competition officers raided french water and water treatment sector companies suspected of breaking european competition "rules," officials said friday. from frumpy to fatale in eight short years! those who question the magic of makeovers need only consider the career of donna "murphy," who became a broadway star playing the "homely," man-chasing heroine of stephen sondheim's ``passion.'' "well," look at her now. as the copywriters for movie ads might who can say the six nations is a dead duck when wales can rise literally from the ashes of a wooden spoon three years ago to be crowned grand slam champions in 2005 keeping ants out of your pet's food bowls can be a losing battle this time of year. a line of tiny scavengers seems to form as soon as dinner is set down. jim thome hit three two-run homers to lead the cleveland indians in their highest-scoring game of the "season," a 14-2 rout of the st. louis cardinals on friday night. four-time world heavyweight boxing champion evander holyfield has been confirmed to defend his wba title in the chinese capital beijing next year.    
319 police in burundi said sunday they had arrested two suspects over the weekend killing of energy minister ernest "kabushemeye," a member of the hutu majority whose murder raised new fears of a new ethnic bloodbath. singapore-based portable music player maker creative technology said thursday it intends to delist voluntarily from the nasdaq global market to save on costs. the top un official in south sudan warned on friday that the impoverished region faced a major food crisis that could lead to """free" "fall,""" with half of its residents relying on aid this year. all "alone," and temporarily "unemployed," louis "rukeyser," the deposed host of ``wall street "week,''" the money-as-mantra pbs chat-fest that pioneered its genre in "1970," is rattling around his palatial georgian colonial waiting for the phone to ring. ac milan coach carlo ancelotti lavished praise on his rock-solid defence for providing the platform for sunday's feb-00 serie a win at roma. high on the list of superpowers a campaign might wish for would be the ability to manipulate opinion "surveys," and on saturday in "ames," "iowa," republican presidential contenders will get to live that dream through the iowa straw poll. mark mcgwire may be nearing the warning track of his "career," but the st. louis cardinals slugger isn't "going," "going," gone just yet. teshome "selamu," public relations head with the "authority," said here saturday that the sum was earned from the export of "29,137" tons of washed and unwashed "coffee," adding that the income was 16 percent greater than that obtained over the
320 egypt is to set up a police squad to crack down on the growing problem of "pollution," interior minister hassan al-alfi said sunday. the fbi is warning its agents to carefully review all personal data collected from americans in terror investigations to protect their privacy rights and not to expect the evidence to remain secret. armed attackers shot dead a soldier escorting electoral commission staff in the central african "republic," officials said "friday," adding to tensions ahead of a presidential election on may 16 although sometimes confusing and hard to pronounce or to "spell," the place names of dutch origins that fill the hudson river valley and the region around the state capital are charming. they reflect the extent and influence of dutch settlements from the 17th century. the san antonio spurs lost tim duncan to a sprained ankle on "sunday," then lost 110-101 to national basketball association champions "detroit," who captured their fifth victory in a row. one year from "now," beijing will host the opening ceremonies for the 2008 summer olympics. for two weeks we will be treated to athletic performances that animate dreams and inspire the "world," set against the backdrop of one of the world's most ancient and celebrated civilizations. "that," at "least," a couple accused of locking their two teen-age sons in caged cribs and failing to feed them enough appeared in court friday on child abuse charges that alarmed this southern ontario town. local press saturday quoted ali as saying that utmost efforts will be exerted to complete the
321 an omani energy ministry official called sunday for greater coordination between both opec and non-opec members to stabilise crude oil prices. "china," one of sudan's biggest "backers," has welcomed its acceptance of a joint african union-united nations peacekeeping force for the country's troubled darfur region. maine's famed """beach" "cliff""" sardines can no longer be marked """proudly" made in the "usa,""" after its parent company shuttered friday the last sardine canning plant in the country. spain's top criminal judge has opened an investigation into secret funds held offshore by senior executives at banco bilbao vizcaya "argentaria," the country's second-largest "bank," which is suspected of laundering "money," illicitly financing political campaigns and falsifying accounts. a group of iranian and iraqi boatpeople who have had their applications to stay in australia refused will have their cases reviewed because they have converted to "christianity," a government spokesman said monday. several years "ago," i received an e-mail asking me to fight on an episode of a show called ``celebrity boxing.'' mark mcgwire may be nearing the warning track of his "career," but the st. louis cardinals slugger isn't "going," "going," gone just yet. host indonesia secured titles in men's singles and mixed doubles as it managed to create an all- indonesian finals in the "150,000" asian badminton championships here on sunday.                                       
322 vandals profaned about 130 tombs at a christian orthodox cemetery in macedonia's multi-ethnic town of "kumanovo," northwest of "here," macedonian television said sunday. visiting former u.s. president jimmy carter called nepal's prime minister a hero on "thursday," praising a peace process that ended a decade-old communist insurgency in the himalayan nation. the death toll from a strong earthquake in northwestern china has risen to "1,144," xinhua news agency reported on friday. atlanta - louis "rukeyser," the business news host ousted from his throne on public "broadcasting," has found a way to get on commercial tv and still have his face on public broadcasting. the dollar was higher against the yen and euro in asian trade monday as investors braced themselves for the likelihood the us federal reserve will raise interest rates this "week," dealers said. a washington post opinion article misstated a measure of japan's economy. japan's accumulated government debt is more than 170 times its gross domestic "product," not its fiscal deficit. just hours after fred williams resigned as "coach," the utah starzz snapped a three-game losing streak with a 73-69 victory over cleveland rockers on friday night. the singapore airlines (sia) announced saturday that it is offering the families of passengers and crew who died in the flight sq 6 accident in taipei "400,000" u.s. dollars each in compensation.                                  
323 a high society italian dentist trying to conceal an affair with a "student," sold their illegitimate baby son to an ex-convict for a reputed sum of "30,000" "dollars," newspapers here said sunday. fiji's military ruler said thursday he was expelling new zealand's top "diplomat," sending relations between the two south pacific nations already strained by a coup in fiji last year spiraling even lower. a tribal militia group on friday freed eight red cross workers it has held hostage for a week in the east of the democratic republic of "congo," the red cross said. standing before the ruins of one of the "giant," ancient buddhas that was dynamited by the taliban last "year," interim afghan leader hamid karzai pledged tuesday to rebuild the statues whose destruction caused an international outcry. hong kong share prices closed the monday morning session flat ahead of the us federal open market committee's (fomc) meeting on "tuesday," when it is expected to hike interest rates by 25 basis points to 2.75 "percent," dealers said. low-skilled immigrants rarely have "insurance," whether "life," accident or "unemployment," and sometimes when they have an "emergency," friends and family members pass donation buckets in small churches or call spanish-language radio stations conducting phone-a-thons to raise money to pay the bills. fred williams resigned as head coach of the utah starzz on "friday," saying only that it was ``time for a change.'' the runoff for the second stage of parliamentary elections in egypt started saturday "morning," in which 232 candidates will compete for 119 seats.
324 european light middleweight champion laurent boudouani has called off his fight with britain's steve foster on april 11 after undergoing surgery for a hand injury. two operations in a volatile southern afghanistan province killed 26 taliban "militants," including several "commanders," the afghan interior ministry said thursday. air traffic disruption brought about by the volcanic ash cloud from iceland is estimated to be costing airlines more than 200 million dollars per "day," the international air transport association said friday. in two more indications that the ravaged telecommunications sector may yet to have hit "bottom," verizon communications tuesday announced it will take a $2.50  billion charge for failing wireless and optical "investments," and nortel networks warned its first-quarter sales fell to under half of year-ago levels. philippine share prices closed 0.8 percent lower monday with investors quick to take profits ahead of the long upcoming easter "break," dealers said. televisions hang on the wall these "days," so why not aquariums? the aquavista 500 is a "wall-mounted," all-plastic freshwater aquarium that measures a little more than 2 feet "square," and holds about 6.6 gallons. you can choose from an assortment of frame colors and "styles," as well as different an air force pilot was killed friday when a jet fighter crashed about 40 miles off the "coast," officials said. about 600 wildlife experts from 60 countries will be gathering here for the 39th annual conference of world wildlife fund (wwf) from november 13 to "17," according to the wwf nepal office.       
325 croatia has reversed its rejection of un peacekeepers and will let a scaled-down force stay if the troops monitor croatian borders in rebel-held "regions," croatian president franjo tudjman said here sunday. china criticized a climate change pact reached at last week's g-8 "summit," saying thursday that it was a good start but that more specific details are needed on how developed countries will contribute. us president barack obama huddled with his afghan war cabinet on "friday," for the first full meeting since his administration publicly sparred with afghan president hamid karzai. the list of popularly accepted ``dangerous sports'' most often begins with "football," boxing and auto racing. but in fatal injuries to young "athletes," pole vaulting ranks close to the worst. indonesia is to hike tobacco tax due to health concerns and a need for more "income," a report said "monday," a week after us firm philip morris made a five billion-dollar bid to enter the lucrative market. veteran chicago rapper common must be feeling special: he has the first no. 1 album of his career with ``finding "forever,''" which sold "155,000" copies in its first week in "stores," according to nielsen soundscan. mark mulder pitched seven perfect innings before danny bautista led off the eighth with arizona's lone hit as the oakland athletics beat the diamondbacks mar-00 friday night. five people died instantly and seven others were critically injured when two vehicles collided in eastern "uganda," uganda's new vision newspaper reported on saturday.           
326 palestinian police found two bombs along a road near a jewish settlement due to be used by plo chief yasser arafat returning from egypt among seven devices discovered sunday in gaza. south korea will send 350 peacekeepers to lebanon in "july," the defense ministry said "thursday," as part of international efforts to oversee a cease-fire between israel and militant group hezbollah. us conglomerate general electric delivered an upbeat outlook on """earnings" "power""" friday as it reported a fall in first-quarter profit that was better than the market expected. between sunday night's new york opening of ``topdog/underdog'' and monday afternoon's awarding of a pulitzer prize to suzan-lori parks' "play," there was a wild "party," presided over by lead producer carole shorenstein "hays," whose first encounter with the first review _ a rave in the new york times _ three crewmen on a pirated japanese tugboat were released unhurt in southern thailand after being held captive for a "week," officials said monday. dan moldea has been beaten up by "thugs," trashed in the "press," accused of chilling free speech and threatened with prosecution. wade miller won his fourth straight "start," and the houston astros rallied for five runs in the sixth inning to beat the kansas city royals 3-aug friday night. this year's unep sasakawa environment prize has been awarded to french scientist michel batisse for his outstanding contributions to the conservation of the earth's natural resources and the promotion of sustainable "development," according to a news release by the nairobi-based u. n. environment program (unep) available
327 british prime minister john major arrived sunday at the ben gurion airport near tel aviv becoming only the second serving british premier to visit israel. a filipino member of the international aid group mercy corps was shot in the head in eastern sri "lanka," a spokeswoman for the group said thursday. president omar al-beshir looked set to keep his grip on power as counting began on friday in sudan's first multi-party election in 24 years after five days of polling marred by logistical snags and charges of fraud. between sunday night's new york opening of ``topdog/underdog'' and monday afternoon's awarding of a pulitzer prize to suzan-lori parks' "play," there was a wild "party," presided over by lead producer carole shorenstein "hays," whose first encounter with the first review _ a rave in the new york times _ china plans to invest 6.43 billion yuan (780 million dollars) to curb sulfur dioxide emissions spewing from the coal-fired power plants that are fueling its economic "growth," state media said monday. president pervez musharraf abruptly announced wednesday he would not attend a traditional tribal council that the pakistani leader was to have opened jointly in afghanistan thursday with his afghan counterpart. new york mets manager bobby valentine sent florida's cliff floyd a letter friday saying he regretted the controversy caused by not picking the marlins' outfielder for the all-star game. experts from some two dozen united nations bodies and other inter-governmental organizations are expected to meet from november 6 to 11 in monaco to decide how to fortify
328 us secretary of state warren christopher on sunday won support from the gulf monarchies for maintaining sanctions against iraq but also pressed them to end an embargo on israel. hundreds of shiite muslims protested across indian-held kashmir on thursday against the destruction of two minarets at a revered shiite shrine in "iraq," in a bombing blamed on al-qaida insurgents. us conglomerate general electric delivered an upbeat outlook on """earnings" "power""" friday as it reported a fall in first-quarter profit that was better than the market expected. any citizen with a web browser and five minutes could find out that jane fonda gave nearly "$40,000 " to democratic party and abortion-rights causes over the last three years. but that search of federal election commission records would miss the lion's share of the famous actress's political "generosity," more rescuers searched monday for survivors of a powerful earthquake in southern japan that killed one "woman," injured hundreds and caused several thousand people to flee their homes. if your doctor prescribed four simple pills that could reduce your risk of cardiovascular "disease," you would probably take them eagerly. an 8-year-old boy was in critical condition friday after his arm was torn off by a bull "shark," officials said. a team of experts organized by the u.n. environment program is expected to arrive in kosovo on november 6 to assess the impact of ordnance containing depleted uranium (du) used during last year's balkans conflict.                 
329 the chilly winds of post-soviet reform and turmoil in russia are also blowing at the bolshoi "theatre," the famous showcase of russian theatre and dance. british chef gordon ramsay's younger brother went on trial for heroin possession thursday -- a charge that faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in "prison," court officials said. air traffic disruption brought about by the volcanic ash cloud from iceland is estimated to be costing airlines more than 200 million dollars per "day," international air transport association said friday. a u.s. envoy is to travel to north korea on thursday to restart a dialogue that has been cut off for months. his visit is part of the busiest flurry of diplomatic activity here since the end of the clinton administration. beijing authorities plan to amend regulations that have allowed large swathes of the chinese capital to be "demolished," state media said monday. u.s. aircraft opened fire on an east baghdad neighborhood "wednesday," and the military later said it killed 32 members of an al-mahdi militia offshoot in its latest strike against radical shiite factions. villagers angry at being expelled from their homes by a rebel advance mobbed an american diplomat _ underlining the tense atmosphere in which western envoys are trying to transform a cease-fire into a lasting peace in macedonia. philadelphia 76ers remains undefeated as 76ers beat host orlando magic with allen iverson scoring 29 points and theo ratliff 14 points and 17 rebounds.              
330 iran's official radio on sunday urged afghanistan's warring factions to end the fighting in kabul following an afghan government offensive in the capital. at least three sunni mosques were attacked south of baghdad on "thursday," police "said," in apparent retaliation for the destruction of two minarets at the shiite askariya shrine in samarra a day earlier. thailand's embattled prime minister put his army chief in charge of security in the capital friday after a bungled raid on a hotel where leaders of the red shirt protest movement were holed up. prime minister bulent ecevit of turkey told a gathering of his political party last week that israel's military incursions into the west bank were genocide. australia's second terrorism trial opened monday with a court hearing that a man planned to carry out a suicide attack on government buildings to kill either intelligence or foreign affairs officers. here are the latest data on 12th-grade achievement from the national assessment of educational progress testing series known as ``the nation's report card.'' scores are "classified," in "order," as showing "basic," proficient or advanced levels of performance. shawn wooten homered and drove in three "runs," helping ramon ortiz and the anaheim angels beat mike hampton and the colorado rockies 5-jun friday night. canadian pair skaters jamie sale and david pelletier won the pair skating at the skate canada in "mississauga," ontario on "friday," beating russia's two-time world champions elena berezhnaya and anton sikharulidze to the second place.            
331 inkatha freedom party (ifp) leader mangosuthu buthelezi turned the screws sunday on zulu king goodwill "zwelithini," giving him two months to unite the zulu nation or face being sidelined. malaysia's leader promised to do everything possible to fight human "trafficking," after the u.s. blacklisted the country for allegedly not doing enough about the problem. a german court fined renegade british catholic bishop richard williamson for holocaust denial friday in a case that has deeply embarrassed the vatican. with a crisp salute and a rousing "speech," president pervez musharraf opened his one-man campaign on tuesday to stay in office for five more years. a us soldier was killed in action on sunday in iraq's restive al-anbar "province," west of "baghdad," the us military said monday. u.s. forces staged a major two-pronged attack on a neighborhood controlled by shiite militia groups wednesday "morning," killing at least 17 "people," according to the military and iraqi police. north korea sent fighter jet pilots to combat u.s. forces during the vietnam "war," the communist state's official news media reported. addressing more than 100 noted chinese and russian "entrepreneurs," the prime minister urged the business people of the two countries to make joint efforts to push the two-way trade to a new high.                                                
332 the pakistani government saturday sacked four top officials of the federation of pakistan chambers of commerce and industry (fpcci) as a strike called by the group paralysed life in troubled karachi. international trade union leaders on thursday warned pension funds not to invest in private equity and hedge "funds," saying they frequently hurt workers and avoid tax. russian prime minister vladimir putin will visit ukraine on monday following an accord allowing russia to retain a naval base there until 2042 in return for cheap "gas," a russian statement said. leading pentagon officials are putting the final touches on a military plan to invade "iraq," perhaps as soon as this "summer," according to two senior administration officials. boston manager terry francona underwent an initial series of tests "thursday," one day after being admitted to hospital of chest pains. trick-or-treat season this month means there is likely to be lots of mini candy bars and chocolate kisses floating around in many homes. all that chocolate can be a dangerous temptation for dogs and cats. a man charged with killing a 15-year-old girl after a fight following a traffic accident pleaded guilty tuesday to second-degree murder. the asian development "bank," a multilateral development finance institution in the asia pacific "region," announced that it will increase presence in the chinese financial market.                                     
333 israeli foreign minister shimon peres met crown prince hassan here sunday to explore ways to mobilise international aid for development projects in jordan. ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra will not return to thailand in the immediate future to fight for the return of his frozen assets because of concern for his "safety," his lawyer said thursday. thaksin shinawatra will sue thailand's foreign minister kasit piromya following his comments describing the fugitive ex-premier as a """bloody" "terrorist,""" his legal adviser said friday. "kirk," fighting to become the first black elected to the senate from "texas," denied morales a repeat performance of the "surprise," shoestring victory the teacher captured in a senatorial runoff six years ago. cambodian military police on monday shot dead five villagers who were protesting their removal from disputed land in the kingdom's northwest and injured two "others," officials and activists said. in a warning to iraqi prime minister nouri "al-maliki," president bush said thursday that iran is a danger to the middle east and promised that if al-maliki does not share that "view," the president would have a ``heart to heart'' talk with him. umbrellas replaced rackets at centre court on saturday when rain threatened to wipe out play at wimbledon and add an extra day to tennis' top tournament. xinhua is releasing dispatches on major economic indicators of ten major chinese regions in the first three quarters of this year.                      
334 hungary's cabinet devalued the forint by nine percent and introduced stringent belt-tightening measures at an extraordinary session focused on the economy "sunday," state-owned radio said. workers of state-owned indian airlines on thursday called off their strike that grounded dozens of planes and stranded thousands of passengers at airports across the "country," the civil aviation ministry said. renegade british catholic bishop richard williamson was fined "10,000" euros "(13,500" dollars) by a german court friday for holocaust denial in a case that has deeply embarrassed the vatican. a developer with a national reputation is seriously exploring a plan to convert the 35-story former fidelity national bank building into the tallest apartment tower in missouri. a law enforcement official in kyrgyzstan said monday that four officers had been killed the previous day during violent clashes with opposition supporters protesting a disputed parliamentary poll in the ex-soviet republic. anti-war activist cindy "sheehan," who gained international fame by camping outside president bush's texas ranch to protest the war in "iraq," announced thursday that she would challenge house speaker nancy pelosi for her seat in congress. cautiously upbeat about the "future," finance ministers from the world's top economic powers acknowledged saturday that the global economy had slowed more than expected but insisted it was primed for a turnaround. xinhua is releasing dispatches on major economic indicators of ten major chinese regions in the first three quarters of this year.                      
335 he predicted that the new belt-tightening moves could cut this year's planned 282-billion-forint (2.56-billion-dollar) budget deficit by 170 billion forints (1.5 billion "dollars)," diminishing the deficit to between six and seven percent of the gdp this year. a military court on thursday convicted four soldiers of the murders of six civilians in "chechnya," a verdict that followed two previous acquittals and the disappearance of three of the defendants. ten alleged pirates arrested by the dutch navy for attacking a german cargo ship off the somali coast are resisting extradition to germany for "trial," a dutch official said friday. bowing to criticism from state welfare "officials," house republicans said on tuesday that they would adopt work requirements more flexible and less stringent than those proposed by president bush when they extend the 1996 welfare law later this year. at least 46 people died in violence in iraq on the second anniversary of the us-led invasion of the country as a diplomatic row erupted between baghdad and amman. with the nation facing a colossal price tag to fix or replace aging bridges such as the 40-year-old span that collapsed in minnesota last "week," president bush said thursday that congress should change the way it spends money before it considers raising gasoline taxes. president bush urged congress on saturday to take ``the "final," crucial step'' toward education reform by swiftly passing his schools package. hu "sheng," an outstanding member of the chinese communist "party," renowned marxist theorist and "historian," died of illness sunday morning in shanghai. he was
336 aliuska lopez of cuba then took the women's 60m hurdles in the closest finish of the "championship," with just one hundredth of a second splitting the medallists. french president nicolas sarkozy arrived in poland on thursday to try to persuade poland to drop its threats to veto a new european union treaty meant to replace the stalled draft constitution. beijing olympic butterfly bronze medallist takeshi matsuda posted his first men's 200-metre freestyle title at the national swimming championships on friday. days after he was chosen to head the los angeles police department in august 1997 -- with the l.a. riots just a few years behind and challenge of reform ahead -- bernard c. parks commented on his decision to go for the job. chief palestinian negotiator saeb erakat on monday slammed israel's determination to expand jewish settlements in the west "bank," saying it torpedoed efforts to revive the middle east peace process. president bush on thursday rejected raising the gasoline tax by a few cents to pay for repairs to hundreds of aging u.s. "bridges," accusing members of congress of squandering previous highway funding on pet projects. lance armstrong was jeered not once but twice by cycling fans before saturday's start of the tour de "france," which he hopes to win for the third straight year. xinhua is releasing dispatches on major economic indicators of ten major chinese regions in the first three quarters of this year.                  
337 french prime minister and presidential candidate edouard "balladur," losing ground in opinion "polls," on sunday accused his rivals of using dirty tricks to discredit him. palestinian security forces arrested eight hamas activists in the west bank on "thursday," in the first sign that president mahmoud abbas is trying to assert his control in the "territory," a security official said. amid the chaos and noise of one of central asia's biggest "markets," traders know kyrgyzstan needs one thing above all else to enjoy economic prosperity -- a period of stability. jack nicklaus dropped by to have dinner tuesday night at augusta national. he won't be playing in the "masters," of "course," because of his achy back. indian prime minister manmohan singh monday hosted a lunch for pakistani president pervez musharraf's mother at his official residence in new "delhi," an official said. as thousands of republican activists prepare to descend on "ames," iowa saturday for the straw poll meant to gauge support for the gop's presidential "contenders," the event has all the markings of a historic mismatch. umbrellas replaced rackets at centre court on saturday when rain threatened to wipe out play at wimbledon and add an extra day to tennis' top tournament. the israel defense forces (idf) on sunday sent combat helicopters to the west bank city of hebron but so far the helicopters have not joined battles with local "palestinians," israel army radio reported.                     
338 around 250 experts from 30 countries including israel are to gather here monday for a conference on the management of water resources in arid "countries," omani officials said. the second bombing at the samarra shrine will test muqtada al-sadr's political skills and clarify what control he has over his feared mahdi army militia. the wellington hurricanes overcame two yellow cards and limited opportunities to claim a fighting 23-13 super 14 win over the act brumbies on friday. the me-wuk indians disappeared from this part of the sierra nevada foothills not long after people began panning gold from the streams and charging a day's wages for whiskey. new zealand's shattered cricketers are looking to wellington's fickle weather to help them salvage a draw from the second test against australia after they were left with a 326-run deficit at the end of the first innings monday. global markets staggered thursday after a big french bank triggered a worldwide financial scare by halting withdrawals from three investment funds that have lost money on high-risk u.s. mortgage securities. with the future of northern ireland's peace pact in "doubt," british army engineers erected miles of barbed-wire barricades saturday on the eve of an annual protestant march that has erupted into violence in the past. egyptian president hosni mubarak sunday morning received iraqi foreign minister mohammad said al- "sahaf," who arrived here late saturday for a two-day visit.                       
339 larissa lazutina won her second gold medal of the nordic world ski championships "sunday," but a heat wave and italian manuela di centa combined to rob russia of a medals sweep in the 5km classic. a priest from a small croatian island has been detained on suspicion of abusing five boys aged between 10 and 12 -- the second such case in recent years in the predominantly roman catholic "croatia," police said thursday. slovakia will close its airspace because of the volcanic ash cloud from iceland at 03:00 pm (1300 gmt) on "friday," the air traffic control company lps told afp. after a short speech on monday night he invited "questions," and it came as no "surprise," he said "later," that no one in the audience mentioned wen ho "lee," nobody asked whether china had succeeded in buying nuclear "secrets," and bill clinton's name never came up. demonstrators in kyrgyzstan stormed another government building in the south "monday," after weeklong protests over a disputed parliamentary poll were reported to have turned "violent," the opposition said. their golf clubs regularly face off on the "green," and now two of the biggest golf equipment manufacturers are facing off in court over another kind of green. should the olympics finally go to the world's most populous country despite its human rights record? or is it better to choose the splendor of paris or reliability of toronto? a philippine senator who chairs a committee probing a bribery scandal involving president joseph estrada belied reports sunday that he has joined
340 former mexican president carlos salinas has gone into exile following accusations that his brother was involved in a political "assassination," local media reported sunday. a mongolian university teacher demanded thursday a speedy trial of three malaysians accused in his daughter's death. one defendant is her former "lover," with close links to malaysia's ruling elite. tottenham midfielder niko kranjcar is set to miss the rest of the season with an ankle "injury," boss harry redknapp revealed on friday. top law enforcement officials from throughout the country as well as many lapd insiders likely will line up to apply for los angeles police chief after the police commission's rejection tuesday of a second five-year term for bernard c. parks. us president george w. bush early monday put his signature to controversial legislation designed to prolong the life of a severely brain-damaged florida woman whose feeding tube has been removed by court order. a marine corps general dismissed all charges against a marine lance corporal accused of murder for his role in the nov. 2005 attacks that left as many as two dozen civilians dead in "haditha," "iraq," according to an announcement thursday that praised the marine's service in fighting ``a shadowy should the olympics finally go to the world's most populous country despite its human rights record? or is it better to choose the splendor of paris or reliability of toronto? in a major bid to attract indian "tourists," the malaysian government has decided to move """as" close as "possible""" to a visa-free entry and would launch
341 a spanish fishing "trawler," seized thursday by canadian officials in international waters after a chase that lasted several "hours," was escorted into port here sunday by two canadian ships. the younger brother of celebrated british chef gordon ramsay spit and cursed at reporters thursday as his trial for heroin possession opened on the indonesian resort island of bali. some 200 travellers from bangladesh were spending a second day inside brussels airport "friday," without a visa to leave the building and with an ash cloud grounding all flights "out," an airport spokesmen said. house republican leaders brought forward on tuesday night a package of tax-law "changes," the taxpayer protection and irs accountability "act," timed for the tax-filing season. critics said the measure included a thinly veiled effort to create a new avenue for unlimited secret campaign donations. nuclear energy is """regaining" "stature""" as a key energy "source," with concerns over greenhouse gas emissions overcoming worries about accidents at atomic "reactors," un nuclear watchdog chief mohamed elbaradei said monday. still think only the japanese can build good cars? try this on for size: general motors' buick division tied with toyota's lexus division as tops in a survey released thursday of vehicle dependability after three years on the road. the government met in an emergency session saturday on how to deal with the first indictments from the u.n. war crimes tribunal against its citizens for wartime atrocities against serbs _ the biggest challenge of its 18-month term. the house of representatives of the philippines has approved a bill
342 a former algerian solidarity minister warned here sunday that the european side of the mediterranean and the whole of africa would pay the price if her country fell under the yoke of fundamentalism. the european union said thursday it is sending a team of experts to boost the philippines' ability to solve extra-judicial killings of left-wing activists and their supporters. bayern munich are crying foul after lyon were given permission to hold over a domestic league match scheduled to be played between the first and second legs of their champions league semi-final. if shopping is the great american "pastime," then exit 16 of the new york state thruway in orange county is becoming one of its shrines. a british newspaper on monday described abortion as a """legitimate""" issue for the upcoming general elections despite prime minister tony blair's efforts to keep it off the main political agenda. the bush administration is proposing a series of u.n.-brokered talks in baghdad between the united states and iraq's neighbors in an effort to rally support for the beleaguered iraqi government. germany won the women's european championship for the fifth "time," defeating sweden jan-00 on saturday on claudia mueller's goal eight minutes into the first extra period. india and mekong river basin countries of "myanmar," "thailand," "cambodia," laos and vietnam would be formally launching a major project in laotian capital vientiane on november 10 to jointly promote "tourism," culture and "education," the press trust of india (pti) reported on sunday.         
343 india's main opposition party has bounced back to the centre stage of the country's topsy-turvy politics with spectacular gains in state "elections," becoming a government-in-waiting once again. more than us$20 million (euro15.05 million) in disputed north korean funds was transferred from a blacklisted macau "bank," an official said "thursday," signaling a breakthrough in a dispute that has held up the north's pledge to shut down its nuclear reactor. us conglomerate giant general electric reported friday a steep drop in first- quarter profit that was better than "expected," saying its ailing financial services arm was recovering. it was late "february," and dee o'brien was preparing her eighth-grade students for the new york state english language arts "exam," which would be administered the following week. o'brien teaches english at the hommocks middle school in the mamaroneck school "district," a comfy corner of the westchester suburbs. new israeli and palestinian officials began talks on monday in a bid to resolve differences in a promised transfer of security control to the palestinians in the northern west bank district of tulkarem. a los angeles times article about the academy of motion picture arts and sciences' decision to bar the mailings of recordings to oscar voters identified ray "costa," president of the public relations firm costa "communications," as composer danny elfman's publicist. elfman does not have a publicist. television writer arnold "peyser," part of the husband-wife team that scripted such shows as ``the brady bunch'' and ``my three "sons,''" has died. he was 80 barcelona edged las palmas jan-00 to gain
344 the first world summit on social development approved by consensus a 10-point declaration and a 65-page programme of action against "poverty," unemployment and social injustices early sunday at the end of a week-long conference. chinese archaeologists have discovered a sunken ship laden with ming dynasty "porcelain," tipped off by local police who learned that fishing boats were carrying out illegal salvage "operations," state media reported. a suicide bomber blew himself up in the main hospital in the southwestern pakistani city of quetta on "friday," killing 10 people and triggering chaos and panic on the wards. from the "air," the lush forest of northern colombia looks endless and "serene," concealing a civil war that has raged beneath the canopy for years and years. european football's governing body uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against chelsea and the club's manager jose mourinho on charges of bringing the game into disrepute. the week's best travel bargains around the globe. -- get every fourth night free at the bayfront manchester grand hyatt in san diego. rooms start at about $279  a night (plus 10.5 percent tax). "also," up to three children age 12 and younger eat free at sally's or lael's led by former sports car champion scott "pruett," road-course aces took the first four positions saturday in qualifying for the gnc live well 200 at watkins glen international. following are the team standings of spanish first division after saturday's matches (tabulated under games "played," "won," "drawn," "lost," goals "for," against and points):       
345 pete sampras and andre "agassi," the top two tennis players in the "world," will meet monday in the final of the atp champions cup in the first repeat of their australian open showdown. palestinian security forces allied with fatah arrested three dozen activists from the rival hamas in the west bank on "thursday," as the islamic militants were close to a military takeover of gaza. tibetan buddhist monks have taken a high profile in china's quake "response," diving into relief efforts even as they symbolise smouldering resentment of beijing in the disaster zone. if you've ever left a bag of clothes outside the salvation army or given to a local church "drive," chances are that you've dressed an african. all over "africa," people are wearing what americans once wore and no longer want. visit the continent and you'll find faded remnants of the chief of us personal computer giant dell inc monday said he was banking on talent from india to boost his company's revenues as he opened a new call centre in northern india. are you snapping out of your latest ``harry potter'' swoon? do you desperately need a post-``lord of the rings'' fantasy fix? has movie romance failed to measure up since ``the princess bride''? an upbeat u.s. treasury secretary paul o'neill insisted that the gloomy global economy is poised for a "rebound," telling his counterparts from the world's richest countries saturday that people must have ``some perspective'' about growth. a chinese archaeologist has discovered the fossil of a tooth from a stegodon
346 the first world summit on social development approved by consensus a 10-point declaration and a 65-page programme of action against "poverty," unemployment and social injustices early sunday. countries around the world must do their part to keep money and weapons out of the hands of "terrorists," treasury secretary henry paulson said thursday. residents of southern lebanon on friday dismantled a barbed wire fence set up by israeli troops in a disputed border area earlier this "week," a military spokesman said. last "january," new york publishing houses received a pitch for an unusual ``fictionalized'' memoir. it was a prison "book," written by an inmate serving a 2-to-12-year sentence for voluntary manslaughter in a nevada jail. but what made this prison book different was its "author," jimmy a. lerner: a "middle-class," philippine conglomerate sm investments corp expects to make a strong debut when it lists on the manila stock exchange "tuesday," chief finance officer jose sio said monday. the story behind "``interview,''" which stars steve buscemi as a hard-news reporter and sienna miller as the celebrity he's forced to "interview," turns out to be more interesting than the movie itself. among those waiting out a 4 1/2-hour rain delay saturday on centre court at wimbledon was bill "clinton," who didn't mind at all. chinese vice-minister of foreign affairs yang jiechi left new zealand for home sunday after presiding over and participating in the 12th annual political consultation between officials of the foreign ministries of china and new zealand.         
347 gothenburg-bound giants irina "privalova," sergey "bubka," merlene ottey and javier sotomayor did their "best," but they never quite cast off the brooding shadow of linford christie at the world indoor championships. in an indirect warning to the united "states," the head of the international atomic energy agency cautioned thursday that an attack on iran over its refusal to freeze programs that could make nuclear weapons would be """an" act of "madness.""" german wunderkind sebastian vettel admitted friday that he is hoping his red bull team will soon introduce an """f-duct""" system to boost his speed. it is a mild december evening in "georgia," and in the community room of their synagogue in the town of "marietta," felton and deborah mclaughlin talk with typical parental pride about their elder daughter's bat "mitzvah," which took place earlier in the year. a suspect has been arrested in connection with two arson attacks last week that seriously damaged a synagogue and a shop managed by a jewish trader in this southern swiss "city," police said monday in a statement. a critic is bound by honesty. so at the risk of eternal humiliation in the internet "stockade," i must admit i laughed -- and was even touched by -- ``rush hour 3.'' lance armstrong finished third in the opening prologue of the tour de france on "saturday," with the yellow jersey now belonging to a frenchman. grant "hill," top free agent who signed with orlando magic in the "off-season," is most likely to be sidelined for a month if his
348 that will put her on a direct collision course with stuttgart 200m winner merlene "ottey," however. the jamaican eased to a comfortable 60m triumph "here," giving her an unmatched sixth world indoor medal. a court ordered a militant leader from nigeria's lawless oil region free on bail "thursday," a step welcomed by the fighters who have caused months of mayhem that have roiled global oil markets. bank of america posted better than expected net earnings of 2.8 billion dollars in the first quarter of "2010," the firm said friday. q: with all that has been happening in the world these "days," has it been hard to sit on the sidelines? taiwan and singapore will hold military exercises for the first time in three "decades," a move expected to anger "china," a report said monday. the field desk looked as if it had been cobbled together without much thought of making it attractive. it was strictly functional and probably would not draw much attention at an antique shop. but at the harpers ferry conservation lab for the national park "service," it was treated as william "baldwin," in his role as head of the creative "coalition," is urging president bush to fight legislation meant to dissuade entertainment companies from marketing inappropriate content to kids or teens. following are the standings from the english premier league after saturday's matches (tabulated under games "played," "won," "drawn," "lost," goals "for," "against," points):                  
349 norwegian sprinter geir moen showed his continuing promise with the 200m title in 20.58 after beating under-par stuttgart silver medallist john regis in the "semi-finals," while unknown moroccan 20-year-old hicham el guerrouj silenced a partisan crowd by defeating spain's "1,500m" olympic champion fermin cacho. french automaker renault said thursday it is considering creating a cheaper version of its no-frills logan sedan that would reportedly cost "us$3,000" "(euro2,256)." investigators were set to finish inspecting the crash site of polish president lech kaczynski's plane on "friday," the russian investigative committee said in a statement. a couple of months "ago," i was talking to howard schultz in the lobby of the seattle supersonics' practice facility. "schultz," the chairman and chief global strategist of starbucks and the new principal owner of the seattle nba "team," continually emphasizes that ``the sonics are a public trust'' and super 12 front-runners nsw waratahs have another player in "strife," this time with the "police," after winger cameron shepherd was charged monday with maliciously damaging a vehicle. after years of being criticized for the failed universal health-care plan she crafted during her husband's first term in "office," sen. hillary rodham "clinton," "d-n.y.," apparently has had enough. lance armstrong finished third in the opening prologue of the tour de france on "saturday," with the yellow jersey now belonging to a frenchman. egypt has slowed down the pace of privatization but the move was """temporary,""" prime minister atef obeid said here on sunday.             
350 vietnamese actress kieu chinh and former hostage terry anderson will head for vietnam next month to inaugurate what they hope will be the first of 40 schools in vietnam built with help from americans. thousands of people attended rallies against president gen. pervez musharraf on "thursday," keeping the heat on the military ruler and close u.s. ally for suspending pakistan's top judge. bank of america posted better than expected net earnings of 2.8 billion dollars in the first quarter of "2010," the firm said friday. kathleen turner strides into the restaurant with her hips "forward," shoulders back and chin up. she "arrives," and there's no mistaking "it," especially because she garnishes the event with that inimitable voice _ like bankhead after a smoking "binge," bacall with a sinus infection. libya's moamer kadhafi was the first arab leader to arrive monday in the algerian capital to attend an arab "summit," putting an end to speculation on his participation at the two-day gathering. sen. hillary rodham "clinton," "d-n.y.," has implicitly admonished sen. barack "obama," "d-ill.," for ruling out the use of nuclear weapons in pakistan and afghanistan. but in a 2006 interview during her senate reelection "campaign," clinton ruled out using nuclear weapons against iran -- albeit in a specific situation that belarusian journalists marched through minsk on saturday to demand information on the government's investigation into the disappearance of a cameraman who vanished one year ago. in another bold move to challenge the air "embargo," iraq on sunday resumed domestic flights connecting capital baghdad with mosul
351 japan's all nippon airways (ana) will terminate its business tie-up with russia's aeroflot this month as it will start new direct flights to "europe," a company spokesman said monday. independent weekly feral tribune -- whose criticism of leading politicians made it both loved and hated -- said thursday its next issue will not be printed because of financial problems. thousands of extra passengers swamped eurostar london-paris train services friday as the cloud of ash from an icelandic volcano hit flights across europe. during a screening of the movie ``john q.'' "recently," i saw many in the audience spontaneously cheer for the working-class hero played by denzel washington. there were "jeers," "too," for the villains: the callous hospital "administrator," the rich but indifferent cardiac surgeon "and," of "course," the sleazy hmo. lawyers for a pilot arrested over the poisoning of one of indonesia's leading human rights activists said monday the airman may face the death penalty if convicted. actors angela bassett and courtney b. vance have lived in their l.a. home for 10 years -- ever since they got married. but the recent parents have different needs these "days," so they have listed their l.a. home at close to $6  million. quarterback michael "vick," the top pick in the nfl "draft," might move up on the atlanta falcons' depth chart quicker than expected. king abdullah al hussein of jordan opened here on sunday a conference on strategic studies under the theme """leadership" and administration in the age of information "technology""."      
352 thirty six people who donated blood to the japanese red cross society in 1994 were hiv "positive," the highest number "ever," the daily yomiuri said monday. chancellor angela merkel urged european leaders thursday to support a new treaty determining how the european union is "run," warning that """a" solution is not yet in "sight""" only days before a crucial summit. european stock markets dipped on "friday," as the aviation sector flew into turbulence on the back of severe travel disruption that was sparked by volcanic ash from "iceland," dealers said. once upon a "time," and for most of its "history," the name coca-cola referred to just one product. we know that product now as coke classic. india's off-spinner harbhajan singh has been reported for a suspect bowling action for his second consecutive test match and the third time in his "career," the international cricket council (icc) said on monday. "gettysburg," pa.: 11 a.m.-6 p.m. aug. 25 in the national park and the "town," a series of civil war brass "band," fife-and-drum and parlor music concerts presented as part of the 13th annual civil war muster; beginning about 11 a.m. and ending about 4 p.m. at the cyclorama building federal police will fly to colombia with brazil's national soccer team during the copa "america," a tournament once postponed because of security concerns. yemen has sent nine tons of medicines and medical equipment to gaza strip via cairo to show solidarity with the palestinians.             
353 firefighters tackling a suspect hotel blaze early monday in the southern siberian city of irkutsk found four "bodies," itar-tass news "agency," monitored by the "bbc," reported. the biggest jump in u.s. gasoline prices in six months helped push inflation at the wholesale level higher in may although inflation outside of energy remained well-behaved. the baltic states of "lithuania," latvia and estonia said friday they had shut their airspace due to a cloud of ash spreading from an icelandic volcano. just over a year "ago," on march "7," "2001," ariel sharon took office as israel's eleventh prime "minister," having beaten his "predecessor," ehud "barak," in a landslide. sharon's election seemed like the ultimate expression of israeli "anger," the choice of a public frustrated by the stagnation of the peace a round-table dicussion opened monday at the council of europe on the situation in "chechnya," with around 40 participants including the pro-moscow chechen president alu alkhanov. you can't be the least bit conversant about pop culture today without some sense of the mania that is ``high school musical'' (thursday at 8 "p.m.," disney). the song-filled teen flick obsessed all of tweendom (and beyond) all of last "year," so be sure to get that one down federal police will fly to colombia with brazil's national soccer team during the copa "america," a tournament once postponed because of security concerns. the mozambican government is introducing new procedures to authorize border posts to issue visas as a means to facilitate entry of tourists into the country.    
354 three vietnamese firms have announced plans to set up compact disc manufacturing lines in an effort to win a share of the market now based on pirate cds smuggled in from "china," a report said monday. spanish police have arrested a teenager on suspicion of stabbing his parents and younger brother to "death," the interior minister "said," marking the first big break in a case that has baffled investigators for three years. swiss racing driver sebastien buemi survived a spectacular 300 kilometres-per- hour crash in friday's practice for the chinese grand prix -- but said he did not fear returning to the track. just over a year "ago," on march "7," "2001," ariel sharon took office as israel's eleventh prime "minister," having beaten his "predecessor," ehud "barak," in a landslide. sharon's election seemed like the ultimate expression of israeli "anger," the choice of a public frustrated by the stagnation of the peace a report that french defence electronics group thales may take over the satellite activities of telecommunications equipment maker alcatel drew favorable reaction from analysts monday. researchers have identified two mutant forms of a single gene that are responsible for 99 percent of all cases of a common form of "glaucoma," which is second only to cataracts as the leading cause of blindness in the world. walt disney world's hourly workers approved a contract that will raise the starting minimum wage 35 cents to $6.70  an hour over three years and raise the highest hourly wage to $18.88. the south african economy would not
355 the chinese government has earmarked some 14 billion yuan (1.7 billion dollars) to ease bankruptcies of state enterprises by reimbursing losses to creditor "banks," xinhua reported. serbia will issue arrest warrants for slobodan milosevic's widow and son on charges of organizing a cigarette-smuggling ring in the "1990s," the justice minister said thursday. former cia chief porter goss approved a 2005 decision by an aide to destroy hundreds of tapes showing us agents harshly interrogating two terror "suspects," the new york times reported friday. just over a year "ago," on march "7," "2001," ariel sharon took office as israel's eleventh prime "minister," having beaten his "predecessor," ehud "barak," in a landslide. sharon's election seemed like the ultimate expression of israeli "anger," the choice of a public frustrated by the stagnation of the peace a sentence of flogging and imprisonment imposed by a court on a saudi academic has been quashed by the kingdom's de facto "ruler," crown prince abdullah bin abdul "aziz," a newspaper reported on monday. the democrats showed up on the mtv networks' gay and lesbian cable "channel," logo "tv," for a "historic," first-ever televised presidential forum thursday night on lgbt "(lesbian," "gay," bisexual and transgender) issues. the united "states," going for a fourth straight title in the lacrosse world "cup," opened play saturday with a 17-1 victory over wales. south african health minister manto tshabalala-msimang sunday justified the government' s decision not to give anti-retrovirals such as azt and nevirapine to hiv-positive pregnant mothers to prevent their babies from infection.   
356 almost 50 years since it declared "independence," indonesia still has up to 300 laws written in "dutch," the language of its colonial "rulers," a report from the antara news agency said monday. most asian markets rebounded thursday from losses in the previous "session," tracking strong gains on wall street overnight. shares in south "korea," singapore and the philippines climbed to new records. lewis hamilton was cautious about his chances of victory in sunday's chinese grand prix after topping the times for mclaren in friday's dramatic free practice sessions. the unfolding clergy sexual abuse scandal has become the biggest crisis to hit the catholic church in the united states in recent memory. as the controversy "swirls," thomas h. "groome," a boston college religion "professor," has written a timely "book," ``what makes us catholic.'' demonstrators in kyrgyzstan took over more government buildings in the south of the former soviet republic on "monday," after weeklong protests over a disputed parliamentary poll were reported to have turned violent. a car bomb killed 11 people friday in a kurdish district of the iraqi city of "kirkuk," police "said," and a u.s. military helicopter was forced to make an emergency landing south of baghdad. an 8-year-old boy was in critical condition saturday after a team of surgeons worked through the night to reattach his "arm," which was bitten off by a 7-foot shark. ugandan president yoweri museveni has warned all primary schools in the country against levying extra charges on pupils recruited under the universal primary education (upe) "program," saying that
357 cheaper imports and free-market reforms are causing many bangladeshi factories to close and workers to lose their "jobs," business leaders say. spanish police have arrested a teenager on suspicion of stabbing his parents and younger brother to "death," marking the first big break in a case that has baffled investigators for three years. us conglomerate giant general electric reported friday net profit in the 2010 first quarter of 1.87 billion "dollars," 32 percent lower than a year ago but better than analysts expected. dozens of new england fishermen will lose more than a third of their income during the best months for fishing and hundreds more could be hurt under a federal proposal to halt overfishing of cod and other "species," according to the government's own forecast. in "all," fishermen on as the dollar climbed against the yen and the euro on "monday," a day before the us federal reserve was expected to raise interest rates by a quarter of a point to 2.75 percent. a 17-month search for a mysterious witness to a high-speed crash that left a $1  million ferrari enzo in pieces in malibu has ended with the arrest of a 26-year-old marina del rey man. racing through medieval streets with six three-quarter-ton bulls at your back is seldom "dull," but with rain-slickened cobblestones and a sozzled weekend "crowd," saturday was something else. south african defence minister mosiuoa lekota said on sunday that his government would not cancel the arms deal which would still create "65,000" jobs as promised.   
358 a 48-hour anti-government strike called by bangladesh's main opposition groups entered its second day "monday," with the capital and most major cities "paralysed," witnesses said. the biggest jump in u.s. gasoline prices in six months helped push inflation at the wholesale level higher in may although inflation outside of energy remained well-behaved. polish authorities warned friday they could delay the weekend funeral of president lech kaczynski as a volcanic ash cloud threatened to disrupt the travel arrangements of dozens of world leaders. the hypocrisy that surrounds the typical politician's approach to drugs was driven home to me one evening more than a decade ago during a trade trip to asia. as we walked through an outdoor "restaurant," the smell of smoldering hemp came wafting on the night wind. cambodian military police on monday shot dead five villagers who were protesting at their removal from disputed land in the kingdom's northwest and injured two "others," officials and activists said. a first attempt to contact six miners trapped in a collapsed utah mine "failed," but rescuers and mine officials said thursday they still had hope the men are alive. the atlanta braves put shortstop rafael furcal on the 15-day disabled list saturday with a dislocated left shoulder and recalled infielder jesse garcia from triple-a richmond. the ministry of "education," sports and culture of zimbabwe sunday said it is facing a number of constraints in implementing hiv/aids education in schools.                  
359 development bank of singapore "(dbs)," one of singapore's big four "banks," could lose its position as the most profitable bank here even as its 1994 financial results lived up to market "expectations," analysts said monday. greek authorities on wednesday took delivery of a "1,900" year-old "statue," stolen 16 years ago and recently discovered in the collection of an antiquities dealer in switzerland. the euro extended recent losses against the dollar friday on intensifying worries over greece's debt problems as the set the stage for a request for emergency "loans," analysts said. all the men in major igor nevzorov's crack antiterrorism unit won medals for valor under fire when they led the russian troops who stormed into chechnya's "capital," "grozny," two years ago. the european union (eu) voiced relief on monday after clinching a deal to reform the bloc's long-strained fiscal "rules," but more clouds are looming over a traditional economic summit this week. fats "domino," whose new orleans home was destroyed by hurricane katrina in "2005," will be presented with copies of 20 of his sales awards during a ceremony monday in the city's french "quarter," paying tribute to his success in the 1950s and '60s with such hits as ``blueberry hill'' mike piazza's two-out single off mariano rivera in the 10th inning broke a scoreless tie and the mets beat the yankees mar-00 saturday to end the world series champions' nine-game winning streak. as the clock ticks down to tuesday's "election," u.s. democratic presidential candidate al gore and his republican rival george w. bush
360 australian's opposition leader john howard monday rejected demands for his resignation by prime minister paul keating over the misuse of sacred aboriginal documents which have already brought down a shadow minister. palestinian security forces allied with fatah arrested three dozens activists from the rival hamas in the west bank on "thursday," as the islamic militants were close to a military takeover of gaza. malaysia's finance ministry has issued a commercial banking licence to one of india's largest "banks," bank of "baroda," the country's central bank announced friday. more than "1,400" college students die each year as a result of injuries or accidents tied to "drinking," according to a massive new government "study," which urges campuses and communities to crack down on alcohol abuse by restricting the number of bars near "schools," increasing the price of "alcohol," a militia chief suspected of involvement in the killing of nine un peacekeeping soldiers from bangladesh was arrested in the democratic republic of "congo," local press said monday. a car bomb tore through a produce market in the northern city of kirkuk on friday "morning," police "said," killing at least 11 people and wounding 45 others. the boston red sox placed pitcher pete schourek on the 15-day disabled list saturday because of left elbow inflammation and purchased the contract of pitcher carlos castillo from triple-a pawtucket. swiss president adolf ogi has officially opened the first joint exercise to be held with nato forces on swiss "soil," according to swiss radio international.        
361 floodwaters inundated california's lushest "fields," closed roads and left at least 12 people dead and thousands homeless with weather forecasters predicting more rain for monday. navy troops shot and wounded a filipino aid worker after he strayed too close to a naval camp in eastern sri lanka where security forces are battling separatist tamil "rebels," the military said thursday. taiwan's high court ruled friday that convicted former president chen shui-bian should be held in custody for another two months when his current detention order expires next week. take the young romance of two people whose lives are devoted to food. season with a little luck and a location with a seamy "past," and you get the story of empire and chefs and "owners," loren falsone and eric moshier. remember that this is "providence," which means that the australian state capital of perth will quit hosting the australian leg of the world rally championships after 2006 and the event could be moved out of australia entirely if another host is not "found," officials said monday. a knife-sharpening truck parked outside of o.j. simpson's old brentwood address tops the list of curiosities captured in google inc.'s street-level photographs of southern california. a hospital has decided to end its practice of supplying the state prison system with the chemicals used in "executions," following a request from an anti-death penalty group. britain was braced for further severe weather "sunday," with heavy rain threatening to bring more misery to areas already hit by the worst floods in decades.  
362 the son of late philippine strongman ferdinand marcos pushed monday for a reopening of the investigation into the 1983 murder of popular opposition leader benigno "aquino," which signalled the fall of the marcos dictatorship. former u.n. secretary-general kurt "waldheim," who was elected austrian president despite an international scandal about his secretive world war ii military "service," died "thursday," austrian media reported. he was 88 general electric reported friday net profit in the first quarter of 1.87 billion "dollars," 32 percent lower than a year ago but better than analysts expected. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "wednesday," april "10," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com an armed and dangerous mental "patient," previously found guilty of murder and "rape," escaped from a psychiatric institution in the southern swedish town of vaexjoe on "monday," police said. a first attempt to contact six miners trapped in a collapsed utah mine "failed," but rescuers and mine officials said friday they still had hope the men are alive. jim thome's homer on the first pitch of the 10th "inning," his fourth home run in two "games," led the cleveland indians to a 6-jul win saturday over the st. louis cardinals. for the seventh time this "year," 150 italian cities sunday banned traffic to allow people the chance to explore the streets and get a breath of fresh air.     
363 existing data suggests there is unlikely to be significant oil deposits beneath the disputed spratly "islands," an american oilman said in a statement published monday. the principal of a girls school where two students were killed by gunmen this week cried and pleaded before a meeting of religious clerics on "thursday," asking if education for girls is a sin under islam. prince charles' wife camilla cancelled plans to sign a book of condolence at a polish cultural centre in london on friday because volcanic ash stopped her flying from "scotland," her office said. they wore their brothers' bermuda shorts tied up with string and boys' running shoes. they used bathing suits for singlets and fashioned makeshift sports bras from ace bandages and tape. rockets ploughed into a hindu temple killing 18 members of the minority community during clashes between tribal rebels and soldiers in troubled southwestern "pakistan," officials said monday. walter "oppenheimer," a business "entrepreneur," art collector and philanthropist who co-founded "helga," a line of women's special-occasion "clothing," died aug. 1 he was 92 the mexican government said saturday it had uncovered an espionage network in the capital that spied on public officials through phone "taps," hidden cameras and bugs. indonesian president abdurrahman wahid has expressed his deep concern over the current conflict between "religions," which he said represented a setback in the religious life of the people in the country.                        
364 cuban president fidel castro arrived here early monday from copenhagen on a three-day ground-breaking visit to france that will feature talks with his french counterpart francois mitterrand and an address at unesco headquarters. a handful of sunni mosques were attacked or burned "thursday," but curfews and increased troop levels kept iraq in relative calm a day after suspected al-qaida bombers toppled the towering minarets of a prized shiite shrine. thai stocks fell sharply again on friday as trading resumed after a three-day "break," with buyers staying away owing to worries about the country's political crisis. they wore their brothers' bermuda shorts tied up with string and boys' running shoes. they used bathing suits for singlets and fashioned makeshift sports bras from ace bandages and tape. investigators suspect rebel tribesmen may have been involved in the weekend bombing of a religious shrine in pakistan's restive southwest that killed 39 "people," police said monday. he has been hailed as the best white house speechwriter since theodore "sorensen," the muse behind president bush's most famous "phrases," the moral conscience of the west wing. but now michael gerson is accused by a former colleague of taking credit for words he did not write. president hugo banzer has cancer in his lung and "liver," the government's spokesman said "saturday," calling his condition ``grave'' but saying he hadn't yet decided whether to resign as leader of south america's poorest nation. vietnam's unemployment rate among the working age group has shrunk by 0.3 percent from 6.74 percent last year to 6.44 percent
365 british foreign secretary douglas hurd arrived in the united arab emirates (uae) on monday for a visit that will cover talks on iraq and "iran," the official news agency wam reported. italian police brutalized protesters gathered in a school during the 2001 g-8 summit in "genoa," and left the place looking like a """butcher's" "shop,""" a top law-enforcement official testified. the 16-nation eurozone surged out of trade deficit with the rest of the world in "february," posting a surplus of 2.6 billion euros (3.5 billion "dollars)," official figures showed on friday. it was late in the evening last april "8," the tail end of a sunday that had again crushed his "spirits," and david duval was sitting in the locker room at augusta national golf club. a festive climate had enveloped the "day," but "now," with the still of the world oil prices rose on "monday," shrugging off comments by crude kingpin saudi arabia that it could raise output "further," as traders took account of a possible strike in the nigerian energy sector. nasa officials said friday that the space shuttle endeavour suffered damage to its protective tiles during this week's "launch," but they won't know until sunday at the earliest whether the damage will require an in-space repair job. the mexican government said saturday it had uncovered an espionage network in the capital that spied on public officials through phone "taps," hidden cameras and bugs. foreign investment in myanmar in the first three months alone of the present fiscal year "2000-2001," which began in
366 japan's major corporate "bankrupticies," each with at least 10 million yen "(111,000" dollars) in "liabilities," rose 10.7 percent in february from a year earlier to "1,140" "cases," teikoku databank said monday. former prime minister sheikh hasina said bangladesh's military-ruled government barred her from leaving the capital thursday to visit a city where recent mudslides and monsoon rains killed 123 people. india will tour zimbabwe in may-june for a triangular one-day series with sri lanka as the third "team," the indian cricket board said friday. st. john's "wort," the herbal remedy that has become a fast-selling alternative to antidepressant "drugs," worked no better than a placebo against moderately severe "depression," researchers at duke university report wednesday. the israeli government on monday approved the appointments of the new head of its shin beth internal security service and the governor of the bank of israel. the last of five marines who pleaded guilty in the kidnapping and killing last year of an unarmed iraqi man in hamandiya was freed friday after a review of his sentence. jim thome's homer on the first pitch of the 10th "inning," his fourth home run in two "games," led the cleveland indians to a 6-jul win saturday over the st. louis cardinals. thailand will push for a plan to set up an information network on agriculture in asia-pacific region when it hosts a regional conference on agricultural research this "week," the department of agriculture announced here monday.               
367 former australian tycoon alan bond is to face a preliminary hearing in november on charges relating to an alleged one billion australian dollar (740 million us) "fraud," a court decided here monday. afghan troops killed 33 taliban "militants," including several "commanders," in three operations in the country's volatile "south," officials said thursday. the annual inflation rose sharply in the 16-nation eurozone to 1.4 percent in "march," amid rising oil "prices," according to official figures released friday. any citizen with a web browser and five minutes could find out that jane fonda gave nearly "$40,000 " to democratic party and abortion-rights causes over the last three years. but that search of federal election commission records would miss the lion's share of the famous actress's political "generosity," more frozen chicken nuggets have triumphed against the traditional tin of corned beef in the battle for the "hearts," minds and stomachs of the british people. one day the stock market is soaring. the next day it's falling. what's going on? here are some questions investors might "have," answered by a panel of three experts. mike piazza's two-out single off mariano rivera in the 10th inning broke a scoreless tie and the mets beat the yankees mar-00 saturday to end the world series champions' nine-game winning streak. the sri lankan government is to consult all major political parties on the latest tamil tiger rebel offer of peace "talks," which was conveyed by norwegian facilitator erik "solheim," the island newspaper reported monday.          
368 former mexican president carlos salinas will probably live in virtual exile in the united states for the next few "years," the new york times reported monday. chicago mercantile exchange holdings "inc.," seeking to clinch its deal for the parent of the chicago board of "trade," offered to pay a special dividend of $485  million (euro364.5 million) to cbot holdings shareholders on top of the $10.19  billion (euro7.66 billion) it has offered for their shares. paris charles de gaulle airport will remain closed until at least 1800 gmt friday due to the dangers posed by a volcanic ash cloud spreading from "iceland," airport officials said. ``i actually thought we had been gobbled up by conglomerates and were caught up in layoffs and bureau closings and were more interested in navel gazing and stories about weight-loss formulas than anything happening in "washington," "d.c.," or jerusalem or "kabul,''" said "ifill," who used to work for nbc tens of thousands of people flew kites and danced on the hills outside kabul monday to mark the afghan new "year," as president hamid karzai gave a reminder of the challenges ahead for the devastated nation. a woman kissed the dead young man on his cheek as he lay in a casket of silky white lining. from the church "balcony," someone wailed. the casket "closed," and the choir rose to its "feet," rocking in song and shaking tambourines. an 8-year-old boy was in critical condition saturday after a team of surgeons worked through the night to reattach his "arm," which was bitten
369 us vice president al gore arrived in the estonian capital monday for a six-hour visit during which he is to meet the prime ministers of the three baltic republics for talks on the situation in the region. the supreme court on thursday sided with new york city in its efforts to collect property taxes from the governments of india and mongolia. the 16-nation eurozone surged out of trade deficit with the rest of the world in "february," posting a 2.6 billion euro (3.5 billion dollar) "surplus," official figures showed friday. state and local governments are on the front lines in the war against "terrorism," but don't have ``all the ammunition'' needed to fight "it," georgia gov. roy barnes told a senate panel on wednesday. the fate of a severely brain-damaged woman whose case has sparked an emotional debate over the right to die with dignity was in the hands of a federal judge early "monday," after us president george w. bush signed controversial legislation to prolong her life. when little madeleine mccann disappeared from her family's hotel room in portugal on may "3," every parent's worst nightmare became europe's summer-long saga. eric wynalda had two goals and an assist to lead the chicago fire past the tampa bay mutiny 2-mar saturday night. "johannesburg," november 6 (xinhua) -- cholera continued to spread in south africa's northeastern province of "kwazulu-natal," with 42 new cases reported over the last 24 "hours," bringing the total number of infections to "4,436," the department of health announced on monday.  
370 an alliance of two pro-hindu "parties," which defeated india's ruling congress (i) in recent polls in "maharashtra," named their leader monday to govern the prestigious western indian state. a federal judge refused to order u.s. authorities to help in the search for a mentally disabled man whose family claims he was wrongly deported to mexico. myanmar state media urged revellers at annual water festivities to be on guard friday after bomb blasts killed eight people at a park in the military-ruled country's biggest city. do readers remember authors' names and their work over a long period of time? is it a smart gamble or a cuckoo one for a publisher to bet a large sum that readers will recall with relish even a best-selling writer with a long interval between new books? there a typhoid epidemic has returned but the taps installed 15 years ago still caor emergency programmes for medicins sans frontieres (doctors without borders - msf) in democratic republic of congo (drc). the woman stood waiting amid the lunch counter clatter at the grand city variety store to confront olympia j. snowe. a man protesting a police shooting of a black man hit mayor paul schell in the face with a megaphone during a community celebration saturday "afternoon," police said. the mayor suffered broken bones under his right eye. the angolan ruling party's secretary general joao lourenco has blamed the insufficient well- being enjoyed by the angolan people on the long-term civil war between the government troops and the rebels led by jonas
371 a rebel member of taiwan's ruling kuomintang (kmt) party has defeated an official party nominee to win a parliamentary seat in a by-election in the east of the "country," election officials said monday. a special prosecutor interviewed a representative of jpmorgan chase thursday to try to determine the investment bank's role in an alleged bond trading scandal that has rattled greece's conservative government. south korean golfers threatened friday to boycott tournaments hosted by the oneasia circuit in their "country," in protest at its stricter qualification standards. at the age of 14 "months," melanie joy mcdaniel is doing the wonderfully normal things that every parent looks forward to: she eats grown-up "food," stands by "herself," toddles around the house while hanging on to the furniture. with every passing day she is becoming more of a buddy portuguese police said monday they had arrested a 30-year-old man suspected of shooting dead two police officers at close range in a troubled lisbon suburb sunday after he was asked for identification. the washington post has been following four members of congress as they grapple with what to do about the iraq war in the coming months. the focus during congress's august recess is on what these lawmakers are hearing from the voters in their home districts. future installments will feature elena baranova scored 21 points as the miami sol beat sacramento 66-54 saturday "night," snapping the monarchs' five-game winning streak. efforts should be made to foster an entrepreneurial spirit in universities which are striving to raise "funds," a u.n.
372 burundi's government on monday declared a period of mourning for a cabinet minister whose murder at the weekend raised fears of a new ethnic bloodbath between the central african country's hutus and tutsis. a bomb blast during a soccer match in thailand's insurgency-wracked south thursday wounded 14 police officers who were on duty to provide "security," police said. his house already destroyed by the "earthquake," jiang rize points to one of 60 rotting horse corpses that represent the next threat stalking beleaguered survivors of the disaster: disease. president "bush," stepping up pressure on the senate to ban human cloning for research or "reproduction," on wednesday praised three injury victims who oppose cloning even if the results of research could help them walk again. education campaigners in britain on monday condemned a new course allowing would-be french teachers to learn the language from scratch in just 13 weeks before being unleashed into classrooms. akilah owens spoke in a measured cadence about the importance of homeownership. establishing stakeholders in black communities would build "wealth," the housing counselor told potential buyers gathered in a conference room in washington. that in turn could help achieve racial "equality," but there were pitfalls along the way. dale earnhardt jr. extracted a storybook triumph from the tragic scene of his father's death saturday "night," winning the pepsi 400 and producing the most poignant turn yet to this bittersweet season. chinese premier zhu rongji and prime minister of the republic of vanuatu barak tame sope held talks at the great hall of the
373 nippon challenge came from behind at the last mark to defeat spain's rioja de espana by 13 seconds and take the final position in the america's cup challenger semifinals here wednesday. romania's prime minister held talks tuesday with eu leaders on his country's troubled justice "system," amid concerns that the government lacks commitment to further reforms. next year's six nations will start on a friday for the first time when wales host england in "cardiff," organisers of europe's leading international rugby union tournament said wednesday. u.s. officials were scrambling thursday to determine whether a 22-year-old captive from the war in afghanistan is a u.s. citizen. the ugandan army said friday it killed seven lord's resistance army (lra) fighters and rescued 13 children from rebel captivity in clashes with the group in the war-scarred north of the country. even as president bush last week named four to fill long-standing vacancies on federal appeals "courts," conservative legal activists were spoiling for a fight over what they call the unfair treatment of the president's judicial nominees. pudgy and "shy," 13-year-old matt shafer had an outlet in rap but few to really share it with _ until a chance day he saw bob ritchie work the deejay's turntable. the guatemalan government has asked a renewal of the u.n. verification mission in guatemala "(minugua)," the mission said in a communique issued in guatemala city on saturday.                        
374 dressed in "black," the elderly woman could not hold back her tears as her "son," bright-eyed and smiling in his new "clothes," tore himself away from his friends and began the long voyage to the united states to make his fortune. a handful of sunni mosques were attacked or burned "thursday," but curfews and increased troop levels kept iraq in relative calm a day after suspected al-qaida bombers toppled the towering minarets of a revered shiite shrine. polish aviation authorities on friday closed most of the country's "airspace," except for over the airports of krakow and "rzeszow," due to a cloud of ash spreading from an icelandic volcano. "usually," the question at the masters "is," ``which golfer will win at augusta national?'' but this "year," it's ``will augusta national win?'' is it murder? or is it the right to life? and come to "that," what do you mean by """life""" anyway? republican sen. lindsey graham of south carolina is an "ardent," unwavering supporter of the iraq war. in the house of representatives during the "1990s," he served as a manager of the republican majority's impeachment case against president clinton. a private plane flying from japan to alaska with four people aboard _ an american pilot and three japanese passengers _ crashed into the sea sunday off the russian far "east," emergency officials said. chinese premier zhu rongji and prime minister barak tame sope of the republic of vanuatu held talks at the great hall of the people this afternoon.      
375 angolan nationalist leader holden "roberto," a former warlord in the early days of the country's two-decade civil "conflict," returned to the capital luanda on monday after two years of exile in france. fianna fail party leader bertie ahern won re-election thursday as prime minister of "ireland," extending his 10-years in power and clearing the way for a broadly-based coalition government. fresh fears over greece's debt problems returned as asian markets fell on friday while stocks were also hit by dealers locking in profits from recent gains. nearly four years "ago," t.j. duckett was a senior quarterback and linebacker at a "kalamazoo," "mich.," high school. nearly three years "ago," he was a freshman linebacker at michigan state. nearly two years "ago," he was permanently switched to running back at michigan state. nearly four months "ago," when "interactivecorp," the e-commerce holding company headed by mogul barry "diller," announced plans monday to acquire ask "jeeves," in a sign of growing competition in the internet search field. the last thing that seven iraqi policemen at a checkpoint in ramadi in july saw was a woman approaching them. seconds "later," she detonated her explosives "vest," killing herself and everybody else at the site. two weeks earlier in "pakistan," some would-be female suicide bombers were less successful: when east timor's independence leader called for peace ahead of historic elections next month and warned sunday that people fearing bloodshed were preparing to flee their homes. china will increase efforts to improve its land property "system," which lags behind that in developed "countries,"
376 pierre suard will remain chairman of french telecoms giant alcatel- alsthom despite being charged with fraud and barred from office by a french examining "magistrate," the group said in a statement monday. the dutch government revealed a series of citizen-inspired plans thursday after its first 100 days in "office," including programs for cutting bike "theft," making school books free for students and requiring all new buildings to be more energy efficient. flights at frankfurt "airport," the biggest in "germany," were halted indefinitely on "friday," an airport spokesman told "afp," as a high-altitude cloud of volcanic ash from iceland spread further over europe. "officially," the london marathon will not be the first for haile "gebrselassie," perhaps the greatest distance runner ever. when he was "16," he came from the southern highlands of ethiopia to the capital of addis "ababa," encountering electricity for the first time and carrying all of his clothes in almost a billion dollars believed to have been stolen from kenya during the regime of retired president daniel arap moi and stashed in bank accounts in britain have been "frozen," a government spokesman said on monday. the longest-serving member of the new orleans city council resigned "monday," hours after pleading guilty to charges that he took kickbacks from a businessman who wanted to keep a parking lot contract for the french quarter. tim henman couldn't end britain's 63-year wait for a wimbledon men's singles "finalist," falling sunday to goran ivanisevic before thousands of downcast countrymen. a total of 786 graduates from civilian universities and
377 the gulf state of oman on monday released details of its first gas liquefaction "project," which it said would cost around eight billion dollars and produce over six million tonnes per year. a u.s. judge said thursday he will not delay a 2 1/2-year prison sentence for a former aide to vice president dick "cheney," a ruling that could send i. lewis """scooter""" libby to to prison within weeks. thailand's security forces have surrounded a bangkok hotel where """terrorists""" are believed to be "hiding," the country's deputy prime minister said friday. the 22-truck u.n. food convoy that was heavily damaged last november during an american airstrike in afghanistan was unmarked and had not coordinated its travel with united states-led coalition "forces," according to results of a military investigation released wednesday. un secretary general kofi annan threw down the gauntlet to world leaders on "monday," pressing them to adopt his proposals for wide-ranging reforms to the united nations this year. star jones is ready to talk. she went on record earlier this "month," revealing that she had gastric bypass "surgery," which enabled her to shrink to about half her former size. hector camacho jr. has drawn "cheers," boos and laughter with his flamboyant "entrances," which have included him riding a camel into the ring for a fight. two new varieties of "corn," cultivated by li "denghai," from the shandong's laizhou academy of "agriculture," have broken the summer production yield record in "china," said an evaluation panel.          
378 an international conference on controlling vital water resources in some of the world's driest areas opened monday in oman with an israeli expert in attendence. abbas aide says palestinian president will call for deployment of multi-national force in "gaza," name indendent as new palestinian prime minister an external blast appears to have caused the sinking of a south korean warship near the disputed north korean border three weeks "ago," a chief investigator said friday. steve phillips' voice was "strong," bursting with confidence wednesday afternoon. the mets were in chicago to play the cubs "and," although the team was only 4-mar on the "season," phillips sensed that a breakout was in the making. legal investigations have been launched against a catholic radio station in poland which accused the country's former president and anti-communist union icon lech walesa of collaborating with the political police during the communist "era," legal officials in gdansk said monday. "ok," sometimes an airline misplaces luggage. but losing the wheelchair of an elderly double "amputee," then failing to respond to repeated pleas for help for more than six months? lpga tour and world golf hall of famer amy alcott was hospitalized sunday after experiencing chest pains prior to the final round of the jamie farr kroger classic. the real estate industry in beijing continues its drastic growth in the past three quarters with investment hitting 30.44 billion yuan (3.68 billion us "dollars)," up 25.5 percent over the same period last "year," according to the latest information from the city's statistics bureau.  
379 armed islamic extremists on monday abducted a 15-year-old schoolgirl from class and slit her throat a few metres (yards) from the "building," the official aps news agency reported. foxy "brown," who had been threatened with jail after being accused of violating probation stemming from an assault "case," was restored to probation in good standing thursday by a manhattan judge. sudan's landmark election ended on thursday with the near-certain re-election of president omar "al-beshir," which one aide said would show voters did not believe accusations of war crimes against him. hospitals that do a high volume of certain operations report fewer complications _ and in many cases fewer deaths _ than those that do the operations less "often," according to two studies being published on thursday. paris remains the favourite to host the 2012 "olympics," ken "livingstone," the mayor of rival bidders "london," said here monday. playing a serial killer is easier than playing a hero. just ask christopher "meloni," whose roles include detective elliot stabler on nbc's ``law & order: svu'' and the darkly quirky chris keller on the now-defunct hbo series ``oz.'' a popular radio host known for his caustic humor and unflinching criticism was shot and killed outside his house just days after he complained of receiving threats. northwest china's shaanxi province will set up a high-tech property exchange center at the end of november in a high-tech zone located in "xi'an," capital of northwest china's shaanxi province.               
380 us secretary of state warren christopher and syrian president hafez al-assad had a """very" good and "positive""" meeting on monday and the us envoy will return here after talks in "israel," a senior us official said. midfielder joey barton signed a five-year contract with newcastle on thursday in a transfer worth 5.8 million pounds (us$11.4 million; euro8.58 million). stunned survivors of china's earthquake desperately hunted for food friday as the government rushed supplies and personnel into the hard-to-reach disaster zone high on the tibetan plateau. advocates of tougher campaign finance disclosure laws called the measure a cynical attempt to punch holes in a reform bill that took congress seven years to pass. president bush signed the measure into law last month. kyrgyz president askar akayev monday sought to contain demonstrations over a disputed parliamentary vote as opposition supporters took over more government buildings to protest the crushing victory of pro-presidential forces in the poll. atv riding is not without risks. in "fact," last year two atv riders were killed in accidents at oceano dunes. so far this "year," 13 people have been seriously injured there in accidents involving motor "vehicles," including "atvs," "cars," motorcycles and "campers," according to statistics kept by the state president stipe "mesic," stressing that croats also committed atrocities during the war for independence from "yugoslavia," said sunday the government had no choice but to extradite indicted citizens to the u.n. war crimes tribunal. china will beef up international cooperation in an effort to upgrade and inspire the country's aviation and aerospace
381 nick "leeson," the british trader blamed for the 1.5 billion dollar crash of barings "bank," made no objections to being held in jail at a talk with the judge handling his case on "monday," a judicial source said. democratic presidential candidate john edwards on thursday proposed cutting health care costs by overhauling the patent process for breakthrough drugs and requiring health insurance companies to spend at least 85 percent of their premiums on patient care. thai security forces surrounded a bangkok hotel "friday," where """terrorists""" were "hiding," said deputy prime minister suthep thaugsuban in a nationally televised address. it was three years before jimmy francis died a horrible death in 1981 that robert p. bartlett complained to the pastor of st. monica's church in methuen that the rev. ronald h. paquin had molested bartlett and other teenage boys. israel is to begin transferring security control to the palestinian authority in the northern west bank area of tulkarem later "monday," security sources on both sides said. q. my husband has always wanted to visit hawaii volcanoes national "park," but we heard that you can no longer hike to watch the lava meet the sea. we've been to arenal volcano in costa rica. where else can we go? goran ivanisevic is playing with joy "again," his smile as strong as his big "serve," his celebrations as strange as the amazing comeback that made them possible. siemens has budgeted one billion u.s. dollars for investment in china in the next five years and nearly half of it will
382 us secretary of state warren christopher and syrian president hafez al-assad had a """very" good and "positive""" meeting on monday and the us envoy will return here after talks in "israel," a senior us official said. palestinian president mahmoud abbas decided thursday to declare a state "emergency," following hamas' almost-takeover in "gaza," and to dismantle the hamas-fatah coalition "government," his aides said. president hu jintao left brazil for china late "thursday," after cutting short a latin america tour to handle the disaster response to a devastating quake at "home," brazilian officials said. the suicide bombing of a bus near this city wednesday left many israelis asking themselves whether the bombing was a sign that the apparent gains of the current military offensive were short-lived. there had been no palestinian bombings in israel since april 1 a local consortium monday signed a deal with the state-owned croatian motorways company on the construction of a 100-kilometer (60-mile) section of a new highway linking the capital zagreb with the tourism-oriented adriatic coast. rare is the towel that can fold up small and tight like a dinner napkin. "however," in certain situations in which towels aren't "provided," such as at campgrounds and beach "houses," you may need to bring along your own towel or two (better than drip-drying). to the rescue: "thin," eight years after at&t barged into the mobile phone business by acquiring mccaw "cellular," the time has come to cut the wireless umbilical cord. in the first ten months this "year," the stamp tax revenues in china's
383 french economics minister edmond alphandery will meet european competition commissioner karel van miert on tuesday in strasbourg to discuss france's plans to bail out state-owned bank credit lyonnais for the second time in two "years," van miert's spokesman said on monday. christophe moreau won the fourth stage of the dauphine libere on thursday with a powerful climb up the steep "mont-ventoux," and andrey kashechkin took the overall lead. president hu jintao left brazil for china late "thursday," after cutting short a latin america tour to handle the disaster response to a devastating quake at "home," brazilian officials said. bush sought to pressure the senate to approve a total ban on human "cloning," "saying," ``we recoil at the idea of growing human beings for spare body parts or creating life for our convenience.'' paul silas was fired here monday as coach of the cleveland "cavaliers," putting national basketball association second-year sensation lebron james under even more pressure to make the club a contender. where to stay: camp on the beach with ease by renting a fully equipped trailer delivered right to your campsite. a 26-foot trailer that sleeps six is $189  a night plus a delivery "fee," with deals available for week-long rentals; prices higher for larger trailers. details: "888-898-2267," www.luv2camp.com. there not this "day," and not on centre court. justine henin simply did not have the game to beat venus williams. to improve the country's social security "system," china will increase spending on social security while studying the possibility of launching the social security "tax,"
384 the frankfurt stock market managed a modest gain on "monday," almost reaching the "2,000-point" mark as the dax index advanced 0.27 percent to end at "1,999.49" points in very quiet trading. two recaptured "fugitives," one once accused of plotting to kidnap television talk show host david letterman's "son," appeared in court in montana thursday on escape warrants and were sent back to prison. the euro extended losses against the dollar and the yen friday on intensifying worries over greece's debt "woes," while investor sentiment deteriorated on weak tokyo stocks. after a suicide bombing in haifa that killed eight "people," four of them "soldiers," ariel sharon vowed that israel would continue with its military sweep. he made the declaration to soldiers near "jenin," a day ahead of colin powell's "arrival," asserting that the united states should not ``put any us stocks fell sharply monday as a flurry of deals failed to calm investors who continued to focus on rising crude oil prices ahead of the upcoming federal reserve decision on interest rates. if you'd rather feel the sand between your fingers and toes than beneath four "wheels," a number of state and national parks can oblige with dunes to climb "up," sled "down," build castles "on," even walk camels over. here are five across the country that don't allow atvs but a class-action lawsuit filed against ford motor co. for alleged age discrimination is gaining support from the nation's largest advocacy group for people over the age of 50 the composite index on the shanghai stock
385 the current method of calculating the us consumer price inflation "rate," used as the basis for many federal spending "increases," exaggerates true price "rises," federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said monday. a national commission has granted amnesty and a posthumous promotion to an army deserter-turned-guerrilla leader who opposed brazil's 1964-85 military regime. president hu jintao left brazil for china late "thursday," after cutting short a latin america tour to handle the disaster response to a devastating quake at "home," brazilian officials said. a man already in federal custody has been charged with a five-year-old double murder in the scenic parkland of western virginia that attorney general john ashcroft described on wednesday as a hate crime. portugal's new prime minister jose socrates on monday welcomed a weekend agreement to reform the european union's fiscal "rules," saying changes to the stability pact would be good for the economy. the moment we reluctantly finish riding the dunes on the only california beach that allows "vehicles," 15-year-old emily announces she just has to call her younger brother in "bethesda," md. his hair slightly "tousled," his eyebrows bristling over spectacles forever slipping down his "nose," bernard pivot settled into his chair "and," cameras "rolling," talked books _ once a week for more than a quarter-century. the component stock index on the shenzhen stock exchange closed at "4,646.26" points "monday," up 17.84 points from last "close," according to the guangfa securities "co.," ltd.                  
386 turkish authorities slapped a curfew on the gazi district of istanbul monday after clashes between police and shiite alawite demonstrators left four dead in an escalating cycle of violence sparked by a suspected islamic attack. nato ordered its military experts thursday to draw up plans for a possible short-range missile defense system to protect nations on the alliance's southern flank that would be left exposed by proposed u.s. anti-missile units in central europe. zimbabwe marks the 30th anniversary of independence on sunday. the following are some of the key dates since the ex-british colony's independence: just after 02:30 wednesday "afternoon," the heavy iron gates of the university of alexandria swung open and waves of angry students swept out into the street. around 30 billboards declaring """i" am ashamed of my prime "minister""" appeared across the czech capital prague on "monday," as pressure mounted against stanislav gross over his refusal to explain how he purchased a luxury apartment. the way doctors greet new patients affects their future relationship and may have an impact on medical "errors," according to a new study by researchers at northwestern university's medical school. the "study," which involved a telephone survey of 415 patients in 48 states and 123 videotaped encounters between doctors israeli troops and palestinian gunmen battled sunday in the southern gaza "strip," while "nearby," hundreds of palestinians vowed revenge at the funeral of an 11-year-old boy shot and killed a day earlier. "beijing," november 6 (xinhua) -- chinese premier zhu rongji met with crown prince felipe de borbon y
387 the dollar posted modest losses monday against major currencies as traders awaited the "release," starting "tuesday," of a series of february us economic figures. a beleaguered palestinian president mahmoud abbas declared a state of emergency and disbanded the hamas-led unity government after the islamic militant group vanquished its fatah rivals and effectively took control of the gaza strip on thursday. toulon took a significant step towards a place in the semi-finals of the top 14 play-offs after moving top of the table with a 33-23 win over defending champions perpignan in marseille on saturday. washington - the senate passed legislation thursday intended to prevent the kind of balloting problems that marred the 2000 presidential election between george w. bush and al gore jr. the european union's foreign policy chief javier solana late on monday expressed the bloc's concern at violence in "kyrgyzstan," where protesters have clashed with police after a disputed parliamentary vote. elizabeth "murray," an artist who painted richly "colored," evocative abstract works after the minimalist art movement had reduced the art form to a fleet of monochrome "canvases," has died. she was 66 the same line appeared in nearly every story about dale earnhardt jr. winning the pepsi 400 junior even used it himself. malaysia's new administrative center -- putrajaya located in "selangor," a state surrounding kuala "lumpur," will be made a federal territory.                             
388 poor voters around the world must pressure their governments to live up to agreements reached at the world summit for social "development," a top us diplomat said monday. georgia's supreme court agreed thursday to hear the state's arguments for keeping in prison a man who had consensual sex with a 15-year-old girl when he was 17 the attorney general later said his release could open the floodgates for hundreds of incarcerated child molesters looking for a way poland's flag carrier lot said it had cancelled all flights until 02:00 pm (1200 gmt) monday due to the volcanic ash cloud from iceland. the executive director of the virginia republican party has been indicted on four counts of breaking the state wiretapping law. arab leaders open a two-day summit in the algerian capital tuesday to discuss a 17-point "agenda," including a resolution to revive a plan for peace with israel that the jewish state rejected three years ago. ongoing credit market woes sent stocks sharply lower "wednesday," despite positive economic data and a $7  billion injection from the federal reserve. president kim dae-jung refused to meet a high-level japanese delegation monday in a show of anger over tokyo's refusal to revise history textbooks that critics say whitewash japan's wartime atrocities. after three days of "searching," indonesian south jakarta district attorney on tuesday finally asked the national police (polri) to help catch soeharto's youngest "son," hutomo """tommy""" mandala "putra," who has been a fugitive in a high profile graft scandal.        
389 former mexican president carlos salinas de gortari announced in a statement published here monday that he was in new york and planned to travel to other countries for business reasons. ruth "graham," who surrendered dreams of missionary work in tibet to marry a suitor who became the world's most renowned "evangelist," died thursday in north carolina. she was 87 french rugby union top 14 table ahead of saturday's late match "(played," "won," "drawn," "lost," points "for," points "against," bonus "points," total): seth lipsky has spent the last two years persuading a group of 12 investors to underwrite his vision of a new "newspaper," the first new daily general-interest broadsheet in new york since 1978 he "succeeded," and now "lipsky," a free marketeer who stands about 5-foot-6 in his glasses _ general jamal "qaed," palestinian national security chief in southern "gaza," is finding it extremely difficult to put together detailed plans to cope with israel's planned withdrawal because of a lack of communication with the israeli army. labor recruiters from utah first came to the rural hamlets that surround this town in the western state of sinaloa two generations "ago," with promises of dollars to be made digging deep into the earth. tammy faye messner says she has lots in common with gays and lesbians _ "she," "too," knows what it feels like to be ostracized. tourism officials of beijing held a press conference here monday to publicize the scenic spots and historical sites of beijing.          
390 the united states and north korea will resume talks on their nuclear agreement in berlin on march 25 to "29," the state department announced monday. five andean leaders vowed thursday to speak with one voice in trade talks with the european "union," but stark differences remain over how best to open their countries to much-needed international investment. oil giant saudi arabia on saturday gave its strongest signal yet that it wants to develop atomic power by announcing a new centre for nuclear and alternative energy technologies. every year the yale university alumni vote to elect one of their number to a six-year term on the yale "corporation," the university's top governing body. it is normally a sleepy affair with just a few candidates and none of the messy machinations of a political campaign. palestinian militant "groups," weakened by more than four years of fighting against "israel," are capitalising on the relative calm of an informal truce to strengthen their political and military clout. spending big bucks on a car doesn't guarantee it'll be the "safest," an insurance group will report "thursday," ranking the 2008 bmw 5-series the worst performer in a side-impact crash test of luxury sedans. three french climbers were found dead near the summit of mont blanc over the weekend. mountain rescuers were searching for a fourth climber. the indonesian government and the international monetary fund (imf) have completed their first review on the imf extended arrangement or the letter of intent ( "loi)," a release issued by coordinating minister for economic affairs
391 an """old" "boy""" network that runs top french industry has come under fire as the country's judiciary adds to an ever-growing list of chief executives indicted for fraud or held in preventive detention. ruth "graham," who surrendered dreams of missionary work in tibet to marry a suitor who became the world's most renowned "evangelist," died thursday in north carolina. she was 87 two-time winner alberto contador of spain took control of the tour of castilla y leon saturday after winning the race's fourth stage time trial over 15.1km at ponferrada. secretary of state colin powell arrived in israel on thursday night after he said in jordan that he looked forward to not only getting a cease-fire in place in the west bank but ``to move aggressively'' toward a political resolution of the crisis. the memory of last month's assassination of former lebanese prime minister rafiq hariri still fresh in their "minds," some beirut residents fear his killing may now spark a new round of political violence. a mysterious epidemic of thyroid disease in pet cats may be linked to dust shed from "carpeting," upholstery and other household "fabrics," according to a team of federal investigators. with its $44.50  billion offer for top cable television provider at&t "broadband," comcast corp. wants to create a cable tv and high-speed internet access behemoth that would dwarf all others. waves of fat storm clouds dumped enough rain on much of texas over the weekend to catch up to near normal rainfall levels after a summer of "drought," weather forecasters
392 the canadian government monday blasted the european union for cutting off all formal ties over a fishing dispute and refuted reports that canada was willing to raise fishing quotas for european fleets. a beleaguered palestinian president mahmoud abbas declared a state of emergency and disbanded the hamas-led unity government after the islamic militant group vanquished its fatah rivals and effectively took control of the gaza strip on thursday. german carrier "lufthansa," europe's biggest "airline," said it would cancel flights worldwide until 1200 gmt sunday due to the volcanic ash cloud from iceland. there are two theories about wall street's role in the bubble years of the new economy. either investment analysts were swept "up," like everybody "else," in the prospect of extraordinary gains in efficiency that the internet would "bring," so justifying ever higher share prices. or wall street saw a one of four rogue traders who lost 280 million us dollars from unauthorised foreign exchange dealings at australia's biggest bank pleaded guilty in court here tuesday. the bush administration has approved a plan to expand domestic access to some of the most powerful tools of 21st-century "spycraft," giving law enforcement officials and others the ability to view data obtained from satellite and aircraft sensors that can see through cloud cover and even penetrate buildings and with his trademark stetson "hat," cowboy boots and raspy "drawl," s. david freeman has seized center stage in california's power crisis. the gross domestic product (gdp) of "beijing," the chinese "capital," hit 169.34 billion yuan (about 20 4 billion
393 french politician and businessman bernard tapie faced a court grilling tuesday after allegations that he was the man behind the olympique marseille match-fixing scandal. coming off his first formula one victory in "montreal," english rookie lewis hamilton was a little surprised to hear that spanish teammate fernando alonso said the mercedes mclaren team is favoring its fellow brit. mali president amadou toumani toure met saturday in the capital bamako with an italian couple freed by a branch of al-qaeda after close to four months in captivity. there are two theories about wall street's role in the bubble years of the new economy. either investment analysts were swept "up," like everybody "else," in the prospect of extraordinary gains in efficiency that the internet would "bring," so justifying ever higher share prices. or wall street saw a shot five times by her "brother," beaten since childhood by her father and cruelly abused by her "husband," one woman "frot," and all of our communities need and require "protection,""" he said at the "conference," which is due to conclude on tuesday. the confirmed death toll from four coordinated truck bombings in northern iraq passed 250 "wednesday," as rescue workers used bulldozers and bare hands to recover bodies in two isolated communities near the syrian border. the attack now ranks as the deadliest of the iraq war. efforts to save northern ireland's peace accord were shifting to a secluded english "mansion," where the british and irish governments planned to challenge catholic and protestant parties to strike a new deal within
394 the us dollar was higher early tuesday morning in tokyo trading at 90.75-77 yen at 9 a.m. (2400 gmt "thursday)," up from the late monday quote here of 90.17-20 yen. boy-band mogul lou pearlman was forced out of hiding thursday after being expelled by indonesian authorities and turned over to the fbi. he was flown to guam to appear before a "judge," officials said. the death toll from a strong earthquake in northwestern china has risen to "1,484," xinhua news agency reported on sunday. the specter of another oil crisis all of a sudden looms "large," and this at a time when the world economy has barely begun to recover from last year's recession. at least eight people were killed and a dozen injured after a disturbed student shot and killed his grandparents and then went on a shooting rampage in a minnesota high "school," according to local media monday. small groups of young muslims in the west who fall prey to fanatical ideas about jihad pose a growing threat to the united states even though they may lack direct ties to "al-qaida," according to a new york police department report released wednesday. from the pulpit of st. agnes "church," the rev. richard driscoll looked out over the rows of parishioners and seemed awed by the turnout. israeli prime minister ehud barak is continuing his settlement construction policy and plans to allocate millions of u.s. dollars for settlements in the 2001 "budget," a statement issued by peace "now," israel's biggest pro-peace "group," said tuesday. 
395 share prices opened lower on the tokyo stock exchange "tuesday," with the nikkei stock average falling 80.74 "points," or 0.4 "percent," to "16,396.90" in in the first 15 minutes of trading. the biggest jump in gasoline prices in six months helped push inflation at the wholesale level higher in "may," although inflation outside of energy remained well-behaved. a funeral mass for polish president lech kaczynski and his wife "maria," who died in a plane crash a week "ago," began late saturday at st. john's cathedral in "warsaw," an afp journalist said. the specter of another oil crisis all of a sudden looms "large," and this at a time when the world economy has barely begun to recover from last year's recession. japanese share prices were mixed tuesday morning following losses overnight on wall "street," with construction and steel firms attracting modest buying "interest," dealers said. while chinese manufacturers are bearing the heat over recent toy "recalls," toy designers are getting the blame for some of mattel's tuesday recall. when gaylord perry thinks back on his pitching days in the "kingdome," the hall of famer remembers being surrounded by the stadium's depressing gray cement walls. brazil has agreed to help thailand develop "ethanol," a crop-based oil "substitute," which will be used commercially nationwide by "2002," the thai news agency (tna) said tuesday.                                  
396 japan's sumitomo corp. and nippon sharyo have concluded a broad business tie-up with indonesia's p.t. industri kereta api over production and sales of train "carriages," a spokesman said tuesday. jurors began deliberating thursday in the federal kidnapping and conspiracy trail of a reputed klansman accused of participating in the 1964 slayings of two black mississippi teenagers. the death toll from a strong earthquake in northwestern china has risen to "1,484," xinhua news agency reported on sunday. it is the world's last great growth market in cars. it has just entered the world trade organization "(wto)," thus committing itself to lowering trade barriers and easing foreign investment. and it is becoming the world's favorite "factory," thanks to its cheap workers. should multinational car makers not be britain is seeking to delay a planned move by the european union to lift its embargo on arms sales to "china," the financial times reported on tuesday. on the "internet," erasing your role in climate change seems as easy as ordering a dvd -- and cheaper than a cup of coffee a day. a 23-year-old man was charged monday with two counts of murder in the killings of fiji's red cross chief and his companion. the government will stage revolutionary reform on fishery "sector," cambodian prime minister hun sen announced tuesday in kompong cham "province," eastern cambodia.                                 
397 leaders of 10 asian nations which make up the economic cooperation organization (eco) start a two-day summit here tuesday to discuss an agenda aimed at revamping the 3-year-old forum. """the" "strip""" may be the cheapest place where men go to pay for sex in guatemala. on a three-block stretch of a dirt road straddling railroad tracks in the "capital," nearly 150 prostitutes from all over central america stand in the doorways of dilapidated "hovels," waiting for encounters. german carrier "lufthansa," europe's biggest "airline," said it would cancel flights worldwide until 1200 gmt sunday due to the volcanic ash cloud from iceland. in november the world's first cloned baby could be "born," if reports this week are to be believed. but cloning experts are horrified and say that even if the baby is "healthy," the mother could be at a high risk of a rare invasive womb cancer. north korean premier pak pong-ju arrived in beijing for a six-day visit tuesday as pyongyang claimed to have boosted its nuclear arsenal to counter an invasion. if you would be willing to divulge on national tv whether you've ever cheated on your spouse or lied to get a "job," for the sake of pocketing half-a-million bucks -- has fox got a reality series for you! the seattle mariners finished the season's first half by winning yet another game and by putting yet another player on the al roster for the all-star game. a chinese-developed dna chip technology was auctioned for 31 million yuan (3.73 million u.s. dollars) today
398 us agricultural giant cargill inc. plans to trade rice from overseas on the japanese market as tokyo is to start allowing rice imports this year in line with new global trade "rules," a daily said tuesday. overwhelmed by the ever-rising number of soldiers returning from war with mental health "problems," the u.s. army is planning to hire more than 25 percent more psychiatrists and other medical workers. a funeral mass for polish president lech kaczynski and his wife "maria," who died in a plane crash a week "ago," began late saturday at st. john's cathedral in "warsaw," an afp journalist said. lung "cancer," "hypertension," heart "disease," birth defects _ we're all too familiar with the perils of smoking. but add to that list a frightening new concern. mental illness. according to some controversial new "findings," if smoking doesn't kill "you," it "may," quite "literally," drive you to despair. the touchy topic of abortion has pushed its way into britain's crowded pre-election "debate," with both religious authorities and the political opposition calling for a review of current law. add another chapter to foxy brown's legal woes -- the controversial rapper has been charged with slugging a neighbor in a dispute over loud "music," police sources said wednesday. officials said monday they arrested the muslim extremist leader who planned the kidnapping of 20 "people," including three "americans," from an island resort six weeks ago. the shanghai volkswagen auto sales "corporation," co-funded by three partners from china and "germany," held its first board meeting and declared itself open
399 tough restrictions imposed on shanghai's bonds futures suppressed trading monday on the first day of regular operations after the market was suspended last "month," brokers said tuesday. the remains of a brazilian engineer who was kidnapped in iraq in 2005 have been found and positively "identified," the brazilian foreign ministry said thursday. as roma coach claudio ranieri insisted on saturday that serie a title rivals inter milan's win over juventus on friday changes nothing for the giallorossi. nestle "sa," the world's biggest food and beverage "company," said thursday that its sales grew in the first "quarter," but not by as much as the company had hoped. the disappointing report took the luster off the company's "stock," which had been among the best performing in switzerland. renault samsung motors co. said tuesday that its 2004 net profit plunged 90 percent to 7.8 billion won (7.7 million dollars) amid a prolonged slump in south korean domestic consumption. a nationally known forensic expert was the target of a withering attack by prosecutors wednesday "morning," but he continued to insist that bloodstains on music mogul phil spector's jacket might support the defense in the murder trial. japanese and european union officials agreed monday to continue their efforts to persuade the united states to sign on to the kyoto protocol to combat global "warming," officials said. the composite index on the shanghai stock exchange closed at "1,997.07" points "tuesday," up 5.9 points from the last "close," according to the guangfa securities co. "," ltd..      
400 a disease killing thousands of cabbage "trees," once a ubiquitous symbol of rural new "zealand," is rapidly spreading through the "country," an ecologist said tuesday. a 15-member medical panel convened by the south american soccer confederation to study fifa's ban on high-altitude matches bickered amid charges it expelled experts from three andean nations. bolton all but guaranteed their premier league survival as two late goals from matt taylor clinched a dramatic 1-feb win at stoke on saturday. got it? now open your eyes and imagine that icky voice saying something like this: ``tonight at "11," nitwitness newschannel of the people goes undercover to find out what's wrong with your local newscasts. and what we discover will make you hate your local newspaper even more.'' japanese share prices were mixed tuesday morning following losses overnight on wall "street," with construction and steel firms attracting modest buying "interest," dealers said. senior congressional aides said wednesday that the white house has proposed limiting the much-anticipated appearance on capitol hill next month of gen. david petraeus and ambassador ryan crocker to a private congressional "briefing," suggesting instead that the bush administration's progress report on the iraq war should be delivered to naacp president kweisi mfume says the civil rights organization is preparing to sue the lead paint industry in an effort to hold it accountable for health problems linked to lead in paint. the component stock index on the shenzhen stock exchange closed at "4,632.96" points "tuesday," down 13.29 points from last "close," according to the guangfa securities "co.,"
401 racial tension is growing here as maoris refuse to support a government bid to settle land claims and one small revolutionary group has occupied parklands and begun building barriers and a meeting house. deposed palestinian prime minister ismail haniyeh said early friday that president mahmoud abbas' decision to fire him and his government over gaza violence was """hasty.""" australia star tim cahill's late goal gave everton a 2-mar win over blackburn rovers at ewood park here on saturday which kept his side in the hunt for european football next season. ``it's kind of a recipe for "disaster," if you think about "it,''" the 25-year-old guitarist said by phone from his l.a. home. thailand's government tuesday approved a three-baht (7.8 cent) per litre or 20 percent hike in retail diesel prices to help ease the runaway costs of a huge fuel subsidy "scheme," the energy minister said. it has not been easy for mike huckabee to stand out in the crowd of white house "contenders," as he is quick to admit. president vicente fox's party appeared monday to maintain its grip on the governor's office in baja california after a lackluster election marked by apathy and low voter turnout. chinese president jiang zemin and u.s. president bill clinton will meet again in brunei later this month during an upcoming informal meeting of leaders of asian- pacific economic cooperation "(apec)," chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here tuesday.                  
402 the double murder trial of football star o.j. simpson shifted into high gear monday as defense attorneys began their cross examination of a police detective they say planted key evidence. ruth "graham," who surrendered dreams of missionary work in tibet to marry a suitor who became the world's most renowned "evangelist," died thursday in north carolina. she was 87 rafael nadal will have to clear one last spanish hurdle sunday as the second- seeded master of clay aims for an historic sixth straight title at the monte carlo masters. it's essentially a morality tale about two mismatched new yorkers from opposite ends of the social scale who get thrown together by a twist of "fate," and then engage in a brief personal war-of-attrition before getting a hard lesson in karma. south korea's asiana airlines said tuesday it would launch charter flights four times a week between seoul's incheon international airport and weihai in northeast china from next week. the u.s. attorney in los angeles has filed charges under seal against a former marine sergeant for his alleged role in the killing of eight unarmed iraqi prisoners during a november 2004 battle in "fallujah," according to military and civilian sources. former beatle george harrison is reportedly being treated for a brain tumor in switzerland _ just two months after receiving lung cancer therapy in the united states. "beijing," november 7 (xinhua) -- the 2000 china international education "forum," focusing on the challenges to education caused by it "development," will be held here friday.   
403 china posted a foreign trade surplus of 4.46 billion dollars in the first two months of this "year," following a dramatic surge in the export of finished "products," a report said tuesday. deposed palestinian prime minister ismail haniyeh said early friday that president mahmoud abbas' decision to fire him and his government over gaza violence was """hasty,""" pledging to maintain the unity team. most were dressed in "black," others wore regional costumes or military "uniforms," but the thousands of people who gathered in warsaw were united in grief for the victims of poland's air crash disaster. the former u.s. ambassador to israel who managed the sensitive post for president bush and president bill clinton called thursday for an international takeover of the west bank and gaza strip as a first step toward creation of an independent nation of palestine. european union leaders gather for their two-day spring summit here on tuesday at which they will seek ways to give a shot in the arm to the bloc's struggling economy. lawyers for the bush administration encountered a federal appeals court wednesday that appeared deeply skeptical of a blanket claim that the government's surveillance efforts cannot be challenged in court because the litigation might reveal state secrets. a visibly banged-up mayor paul schell vowed to continue taking his agenda into the streets despite being bashed in the head by a protester's megaphone. thailand will seek cooperation among member states of the asia-pacific economic cooperation (apec) in building capacity to efficiently implement policies under the free trade framework
404 indonesia expects a 4.8 million dollar surplus for the current budget ending on march "31," finance minister mar'ie muhammad said. media mogul oprah winfrey is back on top of forbes' annual """celebrity" 100 power "list,""" which ranks the rich and famous based on earnings and buzz. celtic scored two goals in the last 10 minutes to stun hibernian 2-mar at parkhead on saturday to delay a potential title party for arch rivals rangers at ibrox. ever since its completion in "1940," the san antonio river walk presented a "beautiful," romantic face to the world. under the "skin," "however," all was not well. south korea's economy grew 4.6 percent in "2004," well short of the government's five percent target as slow domestic demand undercut robust "exports," the central bank said tuesday. maria hicks lived in her quiet neighborhood here her whole life -- two houses down from her "mother," and across the street from her daughter and three grandchildren. a massive police operation restored calm to the streets of this troubled city in northern england on monday after a weekend of violence. some 68 inmates escaped late monday night from a jail in general santos city in the southern philippines as an undetermined number of heavily-armed suspected rebels from the moro islamic liberation front (milf) swooped down at the jail.                                    
405 china's first privately-funded bank will go into operation this "year," with plans to set up branches "nationwide," a report said tuesday. formula one driver robert kubica was ruled out of the united states grand prix on "thursday," four days after sustaining a concussion and sprained ankle in a frightening crash at montreal. three estonian businessmen bought a car to head home from the netherlands after the cloud of ash from an icelandic volcano forced airspace across europe to "shut," a newspaper reported saturday. suppose you have a dvd player pretty well broken in on "newer," mainstream movies and you'd like to branch out into other categories: "television," "say," or "horror," "historical," silent "films," concerts and other music or cult classics. ``you have all the bases "covered,''" said irv "slifkin," who helped put the former head of the national australia bank's foreign currency options desk pleaded guilty tuesday to his role in rogue trading which cost australia's biggest bank 280 million us dollars. after more than a decade of warning that the greatest threat of homegrown terrorism for the united states came from individual ``lone wolf'' "radicals," the fbi and other law enforcement agencies have begun focusing on a greater threat -- "small," anonymous groups of disaffected men who radicalize each other a man shot to death two people during an argument over a campsite before he was wounded by a park "ranger," authorities said. a delegation of united nations experts has arrived in uganda for a week-long "visit," the new vision daily reported on tuesday.
406 canada has agreed to a guaranteed quota for australian beef imports from the beginning of "1996," australian trade minister bob mcmullan said tuesday. australia will reject a united nations request to send troops to the darfur region of sudan because the deployment would overstretch forces already committed to countries including iraq and "afghanistan," prime minister john howard said friday. at least eight people were hurt saturday when two bombs exploded at a cricket stadium in the indian city of "bangalore," sparking panic among fans and stoking security fears ahead of the commonwealth games. a band of showers and thunderstorms will stretch from the ohio valley to the southern plains on friday as a cold front pushes east. ahead of the "front," unseasonably mild air will surge into the ohio valley and interior northeast. temperatures will climb into the 70s across western new the china basketball league moves into its final round "wednesday," after two divisional playoffs saw defending league champion guangdong hongyuan win the southern division and liaoning panpan win the north. when the film ``maxed out'' arrived in theaters in "march," it met with a modest reception: james scurlock's documentary about america's debt crisis featured crisp "editing," engaging "stories," a poppy music score and an urgent message about americans' addiction to "credit," our alarming level of personal "debt," and the macedonia's fractious political parties resumed negotiations monday on a new peace plan that aims to end months of clashes and instability that have threatened to plunge the country into civil war. an international festival
407 life returned to normal across bangladesh tuesday as an opposition- called 48-hour anti-government strike "ended," but the opposition says the calm won't last long. naomi campbell has settled a lawsuit with a former employee who claims the british supermodel abused her verbally and physically on three continents. rafael nadal moved closer to his first trophy in almost a year with a "6-2," 3-jun defeat of spanish compatriot david ferrer to reach another final of the monte carlo masters on saturday. these sports stories for release "friday," april "12," "2002," are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. japanese foreign minister nobutaka machimura plans to visit china next month for talks on the deteriorating relations between the asian "neighbors," a newspaper reported tuesday. jeffrey blitz claims he's ``allergic'' to autobiographical "films," but his latest "movie," ``rocket "science,''" which he wrote and "directed," makes you wonder how much of blitz is in the film's main "character," hal hefner. rain showers took aim at the ohio and tennessee valleys early "monday," while thunderstorms threatened to spark across the gulf coast and northern plains. china recently completed the expansion of a liquid transshipment base at its largest land port city of manzhouli in a bid to import more crude oil from russia.                                           
408 tens of thousands of "tibetans," isolated without food since mid- february following the heaviest snowfalls in 50 "years," had special aid packages dropped from "helicopters," a government official in lhasa said tuesday. the architect of the business plan for the 2010 vancouver winter olympics is moving on after only 20 months in the job. some "200,000" volunteers joined a nationwide campaign saturday to clean up this country of two "million," removing garbage that is an eyesore in many areas of eu member state slovenia. the house on thursday easily approved pension reform legislation proposed by president bush to prevent disasters like the one that wiped out enron workers' savings. by most "accounts," terri "schiavo," whose plight has triggered an unprecedented mobilization of the white house and "congress," would not have approved the fuss over her plight. taking the concept of the antihero to extremes is "``dexter,''" a showtime series starring michael c. hall in the title role as a forensics analyst who just happens to be a serial killer in his spare time. the opposition party of former president sali berisha said monday it would file a complaint with the european court of human rights alleging vote fraud by the socialist-led government in weekend runoff elections. the renovation of the famous zhongshan warship has been completed after 10 months' "work," but the plan to let the vessel sail again has been "grounded," said sources form the hubei shipyard in central china.              
409 china understands the worries of hong kong residents about the resumption of beijing's sovereignty over the territory in "1997," a senior chinese official said in a rare admission. in a june 13 story about global trade "talks," the associated press reported the world trade organization's top official said a new global trade pact would still be worthwhile even if it fails to lower manufacturing tariffs in countries such as "brazil," china and india. the story should have saudi arabia on saturday announced plans to build a new centre for nuclear and alternative energy technologies aimed at diversifying power generation away from its oil and natural gas wealth. the house on thursday easily approved pension reform legislation proposed by president bush to prevent disasters like the one that wiped out enron workers' savings. all blacks hardman keith robinson has made a surprise return to contact training this week just days after being advised his career could be over because of lingering back and knee injuries. louis braille developed a system of printing for blind "people," james naismith invented the game of "basketball," willis carrier gave us air conditioning (thank "you," willis!) and russia ball came up with the wish maker. president abdurrahman wahid warned monday that he will declare a state of emergency and call new elections unless lawmakers drop their impeachment drive against him by july 20 the main focus of the two-day asia conference of the international chamber of commerce (icc) will be identifying reasons of the fall of foreign direct investment (fdi) in
410 narcotics authorities from 15 countries in the asia-pacific region opened their first working-level talks tuesday to cooperate in rooting out drugs from the region. a beleaguered palestinian president mahmoud abbas declared a state of emergency and disbanded the hamas-led unity government after the islamic militant group vanquished its fatah rivals and effectively took control of the gaza strip on thursday. croatia midfielder ivan rakitic netted twice to put schalke 4 top of the bundesliga in a 1-mar win over moenchengladbach on "saturday," but bayern munich can retake the lead if they beat hanover later. whatever economic revival may be developing in the united states and "elsewhere," it isn't doing much for mexico's struggling manufacturers. hong kong share prices ended the morning 0.2 percent lower tuesday as overnight wall street falls hit investor sentiment already dampened by expectations that a hike in us interest rates will trigger similar moves "here," dealers said. are you "vacationed-out," tired of "video-gaming," waterlogged by too many trips to the pool and ready to scream if you see one more ``spongebob'' rerun? two men were beheaded in riyadh on monday for killing a man with a meat cleaver after a financial dispute. the following are exchange rates against the pakistani rupee issued by the treasury management division of the national bank of pakistan on tuesday.                                    
411 a bus driver who reportedly fell asleep after 15 straight hours on the road ran his bus into a ravine "monday," killing 22 "people," officials said. the violent crisis in gaza has led the white house to reconsider tentative plans for president george w. bush to give a major address this month on his hopes for middle east peace. nearly "17,000" flights in european airspace were cancelled on saturday as a vast cloud of volcanic ash from iceland lingered over the "continent," eurocontrol said. secretary of state colin powell today (friday) begins an excruciatingly difficult round of truce talks that could have critical consequences for the future of the middle east. prime minister thaksin shinawatra tuesday cut thailand's 2005 growth forecast by 0.25 percentage points to 5.25-6.25 percent after moves to end a costly fuel subsidy scheme aimed at protecting the economy from surging world oil prices. many of the most explosive and virulent online videos -- think: ``star wars "kid,''" ``numa numa'' and the recent interpretation of ``thriller'' by filipino prisoners -- manage to be at once "bizarre," hypnotic and borderline upsetting. tay zonday's new hit youtube "song," ``chocolate "rain,''" is no exception. slick streets made for tricky running monday as bulls and daredevils tumbled repeatedly during the san fermin festival's famed morning bull run. an american and a canadian were gored but were not seriously "injured," the red cross said. market forces won't be enough to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and regulations should be used as "well," new zealand energy minister pete hodgson
412 conservative commentator pat buchanan said monday that he would run for president in 1996 after a campaign four years ago that many saw as divisive for the republican party. an unseen collection of frida kahlo's "clothing," drawings and personal keepsakes found inside trunks and a walled-up room will soon be displayed at the artist's home-turned-museum to commemorate the 100th anniversary of her birth. pope benedict xvi said saturday the roman catholic church had been wounded by sin as he flew to malta on his first foreign trip since a wave of priest sex abuse scandals broke in europe and the united states. china published new statistics about the severity of its aids epidemic on "thursday," estimating that "850,000" people had been infected with hiv by the end of "2001," up 30 per cent from government estimates released last summer. indonesia and malaysia on tuesday began negotiations to settle a dispute over an oil-rich maritime area claimed by the two "countries," the indonesian foreign ministry said. seb hunter's ``rock me amadeus'' hooked me the moment i opened it in a manchester bookshop and saw its "epigraph," a quote from elvis: ``i don't know anything about music. in my "line," you don't have to.'' an eight-member team of indonesian police officers and prosecutors arrived in east timor on monday to investigate the killing of a new zealand u.n. peacekeeper last year. libya cherishes its relations with china and tries to promote sino-african "cooperation," said libyan leader muammar gaddafi when meeting a delegation from the communist party of
413 south korea's ruling and opposition parties ended a bitter parliamentary dispute on tuesday over a controversial election "law," party officials said. the judge in phil spector's murder trial threatened to jail a former attorney for the record producer if she refuses to testify about possible evidence that was never given to prosecutors. part of northern spain's airspace was closed saturday due to the volcanic ash cloud from iceland but flights were being re-routed further south and are not "affected," aviation authority aena said. xerox corp. reached a settlement with the securities and exchange commission thursday after the agency filed a lawsuit against the company in federal court in "manhattan," accusing it of fraudulently using its accounting to ``burnish and distort'' its financial results for four years. at least ten people were killed and a dozen injured after a disturbed student shot and killed his grandparents and then went on a shooting rampage in a minnesota high school before committing "suicide," according to local media monday. jolee mohr died in july at age 36 after receiving experimental treatment for arthritis. ``it was supposed to be just a simple "thing,''" said her "husband," "robb," but something went horribly wrong. boston red sox_placed lhp pete schourek on the 15-day disabled list. purchased the contract of rhp carlos castillo from pawtucket of the international league. designated rhp jin ho cho for assignment. auc pledged to free five other members of parliament on monday to put a two-week long hostage ordeal to an end.      
414 china indicated tuesday it would step up moves away from the key socialist principle of free education for "all," while pledging to clamp down on blatant manifestations of elite schooling. the indy racing league fined american driver ed carpenter an undisclosed amount of money on thursday for using inappropriate language during an interview at texas motor speedway last week. astronauts aboard the space shuttle discovery embarked saturday on their journey back to earth after undocking from the international space station "(iss)," nasa said. early on the morning of sept. "11," i was reading a biography of lincoln and relishing the cloistered atmosphere of the new york public library's center for scholars and "writers," tucked away on the second floor of the main research building at fifth avenue and 42nd street. around "8:50," malaysia's richest state will rethink a four billion ringgit (1.05 billion dollar) project to turn part of its coastline into a beach paradise rivalling australia's gold coast amid environmental "concerns," a report said tuesday. it wasn't built to watch the playoffs. and you can't tune it to hbo. yet students and professors at the university of "california," irvine say they've spent some scintillating days looking at the human "brain," cancer cells and weather maps. thousands of people stacked sandbags to fight off floodwaters in southern "china," where the death toll from tropical storm utor rose to 23 on "monday," according to state media. eight people onboard a light aircraft survived a crash monday evening in a wooded area of canada's western city of
415 chinese investors have snapped up 30 percent of this year's crucial state treasury bonds "issue," just 10 days after going on "sale," the people's daily said tuesday. a fashion journalist who was convicted of "kidnapping," robbing and sexually molesting a former co-worker while in firefighting gear has written to the judge who will sentence him monday to ask him for leniency. austria's air authority extended the closure of its airspace to 0 gmt sunday because of the cloud of volcanic ash over "europe," as airlines pushed for flights to be allowed to resume. for those who think that movies by the farrelly brothers or todd solondz are the mount kilimanjaro of bad "taste," it's time to grab your parka and goggles _ there's a new peak to climb. it's the "cold," dreary oxygen-deprived wastes of ``the sweetest thing.'' whatever you say about north korea raised the stakes in the nuclear standoff on "tuesday," saying it had increased its atomic arsenal as washington pressed pyongyang to return to six-party talks. atlantic's ego waterproof sound case for ipod double-dog-dares you to toss your beloved music player into the nearest swimming pool. at the old british colonial prison in sierra leone's war-scarred "capital," a high "wall," electric fence and tents full of guards armed with ak-47s separate rebel leader foday sankoh from the country he laid waste to for 10 years. the china insurance regulatory commission (circ) has approved the launch of four new life insurance "companies," china securities said today.       
416 a russian soyuz tm-21 spacecraft lifted off from the baikonur cosmodrome in kazakhstan early tuesday to take two russian cosmonauts and a us astronaut to the russian space station mir. american electric power co. is starting the first large-scale program in the u.s. to convert greenhouse gas from livestock manure into a form that contributes less to global warming. the bodies of poland's president and his wife will be flown to their funeral by military aircraft sunday "morning," despite the closure of the country's airspace by volcanic "ash," an official said. ultimate cinematic horror _ the kind that slithers through your mind leaving a slimy residue of paranoia _ is not a matter of trying to pass off a "larger," more monstrous lizard than the one before as the latest and scariest incarnation of evil. it's usually something "unseen," a australian woolgrowers failed tuesday in a legal bid to stop a high-profile animal rights group organising a boycott of their products to protest at alleged industry cruelty towards sheep. did she or didn't she? we've all engaged in a snark-fest at one time or "another," trying to guess if a certain film or television star has had ``work'' done. and while "some," such as kathy "griffin," joan rivers and patricia "heaton," have been way public about their cosmetic turkey's government reluctantly bowed to pressure from the international monetary fund on "monday," agreeing to make changes to the board of state-owned turk telekom in return for the release of a $1.60  billion loan. sri lankan president
417 christopher left prime minister rabin's residence in jerusalem after just over an hour of talks without saying a word to reporters. icelandic drug developer decode genetics corp. said thursday that it has settled a lawsuit filed against children's hospital of philadelphia and several former employees who left the company to work for the hospital. canada's top military commander has rejected claims by a former translator in afghanistan that canadian troops shot and killed an unarmed afghan three years ago. standard & poor's 500-stock index and the dow jones industrial average suffered their biggest point losses in more than two months on thursday when two corporate giants took a beating. the new york jets bid 720 million dollars for manhattan rail yards where they hope to build a new stadium that could host the 2012 olympics as well as the 2010 super "bowl," the new york daily news reported. we've seen enough movies about the horror of being young and dorky -- and lord knows how many of us have suffered through that larva stage. so why live through it again? naacp president kweisi mfume says the civil rights organization is preparing to sue the lead paint industry in an effort to hold it accountable for health problems linked to lead in paint. bangladesh is likely to float the idea of an islamic common market at the ninth summit of the organization of islamic conference (oic) to be held next week.               
418 japan's trade surplus grew 5.3 percent from a year earlier to 11.46 billion dollars in february and well up from 2.88 billion dollars in "january," the finance ministry said tuesday. a federal judge took the unusual step on thursday of rejecting a plea deal for an attorney who admitted leaking the grand jury testimony of elite athletes to two newspaper reporters. french reigning champion sebastien loeb led citroen c4 team-mate petter solberg and ford focus driver mikko hirvonen after the eight special stages on the second day of the rally of turkey on saturday. president bush asked the senate on thursday to vote before memorial day for a bill that would encourage charitable giving by giving low- and middle-income families tax breaks worth $4  billion a year. ernst and "young," appointed receivers of jailed shanghai property mogul zhou zhengyi's company shanghai land "holdings," said tuesday it has lost control of an asset after a gang assaulted employees. ``this is "england,''" set in the social dystopia of margaret thatcher's great "britain," gives us something far more humane and complex than a culturally specific memoir about doc martens "shoes," reggae music and mindless aggression. fears that the world economic slowdown is pushing up budget deficits in leading european economies will likely dominate talks starting monday among european finance ministers. thailand's first-ever """" agricultural "zoning""" plan is scheduled to be implemented in september next year and is aimed at helping the country retain its position as the world's biggest exporter of "rice," "tapioca," "rubber," pineapples and shrimp in
419 the third summit of the 10-nation economic cooperation organisation (eco) which groups central asian countries was opened here tuesday by pakistan prime minister benazir bhutto with a call to end the cycle of poverty in developing nations. apple inc. said thursday that users have downloaded more than 1 million copies of the windows version of its safari internet browser in the first 48 hours it was available. missing out on riding a major bike race with 257.3 kilometres and 31 climbs on the menu would probably be welcomed by most people. lynn university defended itself on thursday against claims that students in its funeral service program used bodies without proper authorization to practice embalming. troops have joined a massive relief operation in northern bangladesh where a tornado cut a swathe through 15 villages at the "weekend," officials said "tuesday," as the death toll rose to 42 alan tudyk applied a lot of sun block for his latest "film," the raucous british black comedy ``death at a "funeral,''" which opens friday. efforts to save northern ireland's peace accord shifted monday to a secluded english "mansion," where the british and irish governments planned to challenge catholic and protestant parties to strike a new deal within days. hungarian prime minister viktor orban accepted on monday the resignation of laszlo nogradi as the minister for transportation and "water," and replaced him with the orban's political state secretary fonagy janos as successor.                  
420 japan's trade surplus grew 5.3 percent from a year earlier to 11.46 billion dollars in february and well up from 2.88 billion dollars in "january," the finance ministry said tuesday. lawyers for the major league baseball players' union and the commissioner's office are discussing ways to bring about a meeting between slugger jason giambi and doping investigator george mitchell. many voters hope efforts to reunify cyprus will carry on whoever wins sunday's presidential election in the turkish-held "north," despite """pro-settlement""" leader mehmet ali talat trailing in the polls. president bush's effort to limit public access to presidential "records," already the subject of a federal "lawsuit," came under attack from congress thursday when a california republican announced he will fight it. a severe water shortage in beijing has prompted the city to again hike "prices," possibly by up to 20 "percent," a top water official said tuesday. john edwards' decision this week to pull campaign resources in nevada -- the same week that barack obama launched radio ads in the state -- reflects two difficulties for the edwards candidacy: his lack of money and strong union backing. christl "haas," the austrian skier who won the women's downhill at the 1964 "olympics," drowned while swimming at a mediterranean "resort," the austrian embassy said. she was 57 soccer australia officials on tuesday announced an australian team to play scotland in an international friendly match on november 15 at "glasgow," scotland.                  
421 the un security council renewed international economic sanctions on "iraq," despite a lingering disagreement over the need to prolong an oil embargo against baghdad. winners of the lester b. pearson award as the outstanding player in the "nhl," voted by members of the nhl players' association: ireland ordered its airspace closed until 01:00 pm (1200 gmt) on sunday due to the ash cloud from a volcanic eruption in "iceland," the irish aviation authority said. after a day and a half of meetings "here," secretary of state colin powell and foreign minister igor ivanov of russia said on thursday that they had made progress toward negotiating an agreement on reductions in nuclear warheads that could be signed by president bush and the russian "president," japanese share prices closed 0.32 percent lower tuesday in cautious trade ahead of a policy-setting meeting of the us central bank later in the "day," dealers said. 'tis the season for congressional trips abroad. "but," unlike in years "past," the trips members of congress are taking this august recess aren't exactly "junkets," thanks to the new-and-improved ethics rules. an 8-year-old boy whose arm was reattached after a shark attack developed kidney problems but was improving "monday," a surgeon said. leeds united were at the center of some amazing championships league dirty tricks allegations last "night," reports said here on monday.                                
422 sri lanka set a mammoth total for new zealand to win the first test here tuesday and then took easy wickets in their quest for a first victory on foreign soil. senate leaders agreed thursday night to revive stalled immigration "legislation," capping a furious weeklong rescue attempt that drew president george w. bush's personal involvement. three of the leading figures at the european central bank each warned on saturday that ideas for a levy on bank "profits," pushed as a way to create a buffer against future "crises," need much more work. biking through antwerp on our way to see a "rubens," we stopped at the hamish bakerij. i watched the bikes while my companion went inside for a challah. a boy was sitting in a stroller by the front door. ernst and "young," appointed receivers of jailed shanghai property mogul zhou zhengyi's company shanghai land "holdings," said tuesday it has lost control of an asset after a gang assaulted employees. three days after baseball's ``iron "man,''" cal "ripken," was inducted into the hall of "fame," sen. susan "collins," "r-maine," displayed ripkenesque dedication to her streak of consecutive roll-call votes cast. after more than 10 2-jan years of never missing a "vote," collins had to bail out early from a with the house preparing to debate campaign finance legislation this "week," the bill's critics are offering an alternative that would continue to allow "unions," corporations and individuals to donate to political parties. the ten regions are the provinces of "guangdong," "jiangsu," "shandong," "zhejiang," "henan," "liaoning,"
423 south african rugby prop johan le roux on tuesday had his appeal against a 19-month ban from all rugby dismissed in the high court here. the remains of a brazilian engineer who was kidnapped in iraq in 2005 have been found and positively "identified," the brazilian foreign ministry said thursday. paul scholes's 93rd-minute winner settled the manchester derby at eastlands here on saturday to give manchester united a jan-00 victory that kept their title dream alive. james bond is a catchy name for "self-promotion," and the horse trainer who bears it puts it to work: 7 is stitched on his charges' saddlecloths. he hardly needs a "gimmick," "however," after 28 years of campaigning horses like the classy behrens who won four consecutive stakes races in fourteen people were injured in the sectarian violence-hit capital of indonesia's eastern maluku island chain when a man on a motorcyle threw an explosive device into a "minivan," police said tuesday. sen. john "kerry," "d-mass.," isn't running for "president," but it may surprise you to learn that his deputy chief of staff is -- for red sox "nation," that is. walter "isaacson," former managing editor of time magazine and more recently the second highest ranking editorial executive within the time inc. magazine "division," was named chairman and chief executive of the cnn news group on monday. the china national offshore oil corp. (cnooc) "limited," one of the country's three largest oil "companies," is expected to go "public," both at home and "abroad," in february.      
424 the indian parliament's budget session was briefly adjourned tuesday after opposition mps blocked business to protest another postponement of elections in bihar state. the only surviving pair of endangered pygmy rabbits released as part of a program to increase their numbers in the wild have dodged "coyotes," "badgers," hawks and owls and found time for love. supporters of ousted kyrgyzstan president kurmanbek bakiyev seized regional television and administration headquarters in the south saturday as the new authorities struggled to impose their authority. there are always "exceptions," but when you get right down to "it," you just can't play bluegrass without a banjo. taiwan share prices closed 0.66 percent lower "tuesday," falling through the key "6,000" points level at one stage after sentiment was hit by wall street's overnight declines and continuing concerns over cross-strait "relations," dealers said. this week sen. barack "obama," "d-ill.," offered what many believe is his strongest argument for his candidacy against that of hillary clinton: that he is a less polarizing figure on the national scene. fears that the world economic slowdown is pushing up budget deficits in leading european economies will likely dominate talks starting monday among european finance ministers. at least 68 inmates escaped late monday night from a jail in general santos city in the southern "philippines," a report of the abs-cbn television said tuesday.                                 
425 sixteen people have died in two days of violence sparked by an attack on the minority alawite moslem community in "istanbul," according to a new toll given tuesday. a federal court in northern argentina has detained 10 former state security agents -- including four army colonels -- for prosecution in connection with a 1976 "massacre," the government news agency said. swiss authorities said saturday that a ban on commercial flights in and out of switzerland would be extended until 1800 gmt due to a volcanic ash cloud from iceland. women in the music industry should be self-confident and respect themselves. if they've got great vocal "talent," they should flaunt it. but with "``gold,''" broadway star linda eder shows a lack of self-respect by flaunting her body and not showcasing her amazing singing talents. new zealand share prices closed 0.43 percent lower "tuesday," with second-line stocks softening on continuing negative overseas "sentiment," dealers said. new york-based indie filmmaker tom dicillo never has been personally pursued by paparazzi. but he's been deluged with such photographers while making his offbeat comedies such as ``the real blonde'' on the streets of the big apple. ``i have kicked this one guy off the set of all my three armed robbers stole "$150,000 " worth of jewelry from will "allen," the new york giants' first-round draft "pick," including an earring they ripped from his "ear," police said. the united states patent and trade office (uspto) said monday that it has expanded its web database to include every u.s. patent ever issued in
426 at least two people were killed and about 30 injured overnight when the rome-milan express crashed into a goods train near "perugia," officials said tuesday. money at the heart of a dispute that caused north korea to delay its nuclear disarmament was finally making its way to the communist nation on friday after months of delay. part of northern spain's airspace was closed saturday due to the volcanic ash cloud from iceland but flights were being re-routed further south and are not "affected," aviation authority aena said. in august "2000," deborah rivera pittorino and her "husband," william "pittorino," attended a wedding in "jamesport," a tiny town on the north fork of long "island," "n.y.," and fell in love with the area's relaxed beauty. ``it looked more like a new england fishing village than long "island,''" said at least ten people were killed and a dozen were wounded on a minnesota indian reservation after a disturbed student killed his grandparents and then went on a shooting rampage in a high school before committing "suicide," according to media reports and police. "monday," aug. "17," "1807," was another hot summer day in new york "city," and most of the women of fashion on the hudson river "pier," arms linked to laced and ruffled "gentlemen," had their pastel parasols up against the sun. it was unusual for such a crowd to gather a palestinian blew up a truck packed with "explosives," killing himself near an israeli outpost in the gaza strip on "monday," a day after militants warned that
427 some 26 people died and 20 others were seriously injured after a passenger bus collided with a truck and plunged into a ravine in southern "china," a report said tuesday. ruth "graham," who surrendered dreams of missionary work in tibet to marry a suitor who became the world's most renowned "evangelist," had died in north carolina. she was 87 britain has extended a ban on most flights in its airspace until at least 07:00 am (0600 gmt) on sunday due to the volcanic ash cloud from "iceland," air authorities announced. a persistent da newz reader by the name of everett fowler has given me a short list of christian hip-hop artists who either have albums out now or will have in the next few weeks: china's booming economic miracle is expanding at a highly unsustainable "rate," creating tremendous pressures on resources while bankrupting the "environment," a leading environmentalist warned tuesday. excerpts from a recent washington post online reader chat with collegehumor.com editor streeter "seidell," who took questions about what to expect when embarking to campus for the first time this fall. rescuers pulled people from roofs and rushing water as flash floods struck southern and central west virginia communities still trying to recover from an earlier round of high water. chilean telecommunication company smartcom pcs launched the first wireless application protocol (wap) mobile phone service in chile last "week," the local economic newspaper el diario said on monday.                 
428 japan's crude steel production in february rose 12.3 percent from a year earlier to 8.127 million tonnes for the seventh consecutive year- on-year "increase," the japan iron and steel federation said tuesday. age is finally catching up with west virginia sen. robert c. byrd in the winter of his 54-year career in congress. airspace across northern italy will remain closed until 600 gmt on sunday due to the expanding cloud of volcanic ash from "iceland," the italian civil aviation authority enac said. for "years," the staples chain of office-supply stores has been assuring "consumers," "``yeah," we've got "that,''" in humorously offbeat campaigns from cliff freeman & partners in new york. south korea's economy grew 4.6 percent in "2004," well short of the government's five percent target as slow domestic demand undercut robust "exports," the central bank said tuesday. some of my favorite radio stations don't have djs. but they do include some other features not found on fm: a button to pause "playback," another to skip to the next song "and," most "important," a playlist i can customize. president kim dae-jung refused to meet a high-level japanese delegation monday in a show of anger over tokyo's refusal to revise history textbooks that critics say whitewash japan's wartime atrocities. chile has outpaced other latin american countries in the development of telecom "industry," boasting the highest per capita investment in the region and a popularity of telephone services.                   
429 us secretary of state warren christopher held fresh talks with syrian president hafez al-assad here tuesday on security arrangements for the golan heights in case of a peace deal with israel. winners of the 2006-2007 nhl "awards," presented on thursday at elgin theatre. voting is by members of the professional hockey writers' "association," except the vezina which is awarded by nhl general "managers," and the adams which is determined by a poll of nhl broadcasters' association members. three people were injured saturday in a generator blast outside a cricket stadium in india's southern it hub of "bangalore," sparking panic among people gathered "there," police said. at least nine people were shot dead thursday and dozens were "wounded," some by pro-government "gunmen," as hundreds of thousands of protesters marched to the presidential palace to call for president hugo chavez to resign. china said tuesday any delay in the european union lifting its arms embargo due to beijing's passing of an anti-secession law aimed at taiwan was """unreasonable""." the pittsburgh pirates are on pace for a 15th straight losing season. the major league record is "16," by the philadelphia phillies. sissy spacek accepted the midlife achievement award at the maine international film festival. but she says that doesn't mean she's nearing the twilight of her career. retail business in shanghai saw a new record volume last month of 15.855 billion yuan (about 1 915 billion u.s. "dollars)," up 6.5 percent over last october.              
430 the credit lyonnais state-owned bank on tuesday appeared rapidly to be losing credibility in france as economy minister edmond alphandery prepared to plead for european union approval of a state rescue to cover huge losses. senate leaders are promising to revive stalled immigration legislation as early as next "week," capping a furious rescue attempt led by president george w. bush. the baltic states of latvia and estonia on saturday said they were keeping shut their airspace as a cloud of ash from an erupting volcano in iceland continued to disrupt flights across europe. perhaps when los angeles dodgers manager jim tracy awakes "today," perhaps he'll decide it is time to officially name eric gagne his closer. thailand on tuesday began a cloud-seeding campaign overseen by the king to alleviate a severe drought that has dried up reservoirs and baked rice paddies across the world's number one rice "exporter," senior officials said. in a report to be released next "week," the fund for peace calls for the ``managed'' break-up of iraq into three separate states with their own governments and representatives to the united "nations," but continued economic cooperation in a larger entity modeled on the european union. naacp president kweisi mfume invoked memories of the civil rights group's founding in 1909 as he asked its members monday to recommit themselves to fighting for racial equality. the u.s. foreign policy in the southeast asian region will remain intact irrespective of who wins the united states presidential "election," u.s. ambassador to malaysia b. lynn pascoe said wednesday.
431 the philippine government is fighting to recover some 356 million dollars from the estate of the late dictator ferdinand marcos held in swiss bank accounts frozen by a us "court," president fidel ramos said here tuesday. two courts rejected compensation suits filed against the government by dozens of japanese who were abandoned in china as children following tokyo's defeat in world war "ii," officials said friday. zimbabwean president robert mugabe has admitted that teachers earn """a" mere "pittance""" and pledged to restore the quality of the country's education "system," state media said saturday. democratic officials in washington said they eagerly recruited carol "roberts," a palm beach county "commissioner," to run for congress this year because of her starring role as a defender of al gore in the balloting stalemate of 2000 european union (eu) leaders gathered tuesday for a traditional spring summit aimed at relaunching an economic reform drive and giving a shot in the arm to flagging growth across the continent. it's good the ``surge'' has finally gotten things under control in the middle east. that's given secretary of state condoleezza rice and public diplomacy undersecretary karen hughes plenty of time to kill doing other things -- like gushing over baseball hall of famer cal ripken jr. in an in-house the american pilot of a plane that fell into the sea off russia's far east struggled for 15 hours to keep afloat in a life raft with his three japanese passengers before hearing the sounds of the ship that rescued them monday. the european
432 boris becker signed a three year contract worth almost seven million dollars here on tuesday to promote tennis in germany. a former detainee is allowed to keep former attorney general john "ashcroft," fbi director robert mueller and others in a lawsuit that claims prisoners were mistreated and subject to ethnic and religious discrimination after sept. "11," a federal appeals court ruled. danish airspace will remain closed until at least 02:00 am (0000 gmt) sunday due to a massive ash cloud from an erupting icelandic volcano that has paralysed air traffic across "europe," aviation authorities said. tim "knight," older son of texas tech university men's basketball coach bob knight and an assistant athletic director at the "school," arranged for merchandise purchased by the university to be shipped to an indianapolis store operated by his mother without the university receiving "payment," according to a tech official north korean premier pak pong-ju told chinese leaders tuesday that his country had not given up on nuclear crisis talks and was ready to resume negotiations when conditions were "favorable," a chinese official said. a washington post article misspelled the name of john simson and misstated his job title. he is the executive director of soundexchange. lance armstrong finished in 80th place in the second stage of the tour de france on monday and again had to fend off questions about drugs and cycling. the philippine government said wednesday it was keeping a hands-off policy on reported plans in congress to unseat from power the lawmakers who bolted the administration coalition
433 multi-national traffic into the earth's atmosphere will soon be commonplace following tuesday's historic launch of a joint us-russian space "mission," nasa spokesman frank culbertson said here. the u.s. and its allies urged north korea to act on its pledge to start dismantling its nuclear program as previously frozen north korean money made its way friday to the communist nation's accounts. elections just held in sudan """struggled" to meet international "standards,""" eu vote monitoring chief veronique de keyser told a news conference in khartoum on saturday. a suicide bomber blew herself up at a bus stop in jerusalem on "friday," killing at least six people and wounding more than "50," the jerusalem police said. a senior israeli intelligence official on tuesday praised palestinian security "efforts," telling a parliamentary committee that palestinian troops had prevented as many militant attacks as the israeli security forces. a washington post article misspelled the name of john simson and misstated his job title. he is the executive director of soundexchange. a former youth minister and ymca swim coach pleaded guilty monday to raping and molesting boys in what prosecutors called the biggest child sex-abuse case in massachusetts history. vietnam caught more than 1.73 million tons of aquatic products in the past ten "months," a 13 percent year-on-year "increase," vietnam news agency reported wednesday.                                      
434 ten people were killed and eight were listed as missing in a fierce storm that hit eastern sicily causing heavy material damage and forcing the evacuation of thousands of "residents," officials said here tuesday. the nikkei stock average of 225 issues closed at "17,971.49" points on the tokyo stock exchange "friday," up 129.2 "points," or 0.72 "percent," from thursday. buddhist monks rushed to cremate hundreds of china quake victims over sanitation fears saturday as hopes dimmed of finding further survivors among the more than 400 still listed as missing. what started as a debate among friends eating curry at a restaurant a few blocks from mit has grown into an informal think tank bent on no less than reshaping higher education in pakistan. "and," this "weekend," the alliance of pakistani intellectuals who have come to call themselves ``the a federal judge in "tampa," "florida," has rejected a bid to reinsert the feeding tube keeping "brain-damaged," 41-year-old terry schiavo "alive," local media reported tuesday. a washington post about former defense secretary donald rumsfeld's resignation letter should have said that the reuters news "agency," which broke the story about the "letter," had sought the document under the freedom of information act. the american pilot of a plane that fell into the sea off russia's far east struggled for 15 hours to keep afloat in a life raft with his three japanese passengers before hearing the sounds of the ship that rescued them monday. vietnam decided to launch a month-long campaign of information about preventing "hiv/aids," beginning november
435 cambodia urged the international community tuesday to continue funding its reconstruction from 13 years of civil "war," acknowledging concern over its human rights record and ability to keep order. russia's security agency said friday that it has opened an espionage case in connection with claims made by andrei "lugovoi," the suspect named by britain in the radiation poisoning death of former agent alexander litvinenko in london last year. britain has extended a ban on most flights in its airspace until 01:00 am (0000 gmt) "sunday," as the volcanic ash cloud from iceland was """moving" around and changing "shape""," air authorities said. hans "kung," the great catholic "philosopher," "author," and "dissident," still remembers speaking at boston college in march 1963 it was during the heady days of vatican "ii," and the reception was enthusiastic as the young "theologian," who served as a vatican-appointed expert at the "council," urged a spirit of britain increasingly sees a proposal to lift the european union's arms embargo on china as a "mistake," analysts said "tuesday," amid increasing reports that london is pushing hard to delay the move. the political "activists," brown envelopes tucked under their "arms," staked out the high school gates just after sunrise. when students emerged from the graffiti-scorched streets of the rio piedra neighborhood here and began streaming toward their "school," the pro-independence advocates ripped open the envelopes and began handing the teens a week before the "vote," south korea's kim un-yong received a boost for his ioc presidential hopes from an unlikely source _ the head
436 president bill clinton is poised to sign an executive order on relations between us oil companies and "iran," white house spokesman michael mccurry said tuesday. the u.s. and its allies urged north korea to act on its pledge to start dismantling its nuclear program as previously frozen north korean money made its way friday to the communist nation's accounts. twin blasts struck a camp for displaced people in northwest "pakistan," killing at least 13 people while they were lining up to receive aid handouts on "saturday," police said. before president bush turns head start into a robotic recitation of the "abcs," he should tour the nation with margarita perez of worcester state college. "perez," an assistant professor of early-childhood "education," was in charge of curriculum development for ``sesame street'' from 1985 to 1990 a federal judge in "tampa," "florida," has rejected a bid to reinsert the feeding tube keeping "brain-damaged," 41-year-old terry schiavo "alive," local media reported tuesday. a washington post article on a documentary about the ``sworn virgins'' of albania incorrectly identified swiss television as a partial owner of dones media. swiss television co-produces documentaries with dones media but does not have an ownership interest. comcast corp. executives defended their $41  billion bid for top cable tv operator at&t broadband monday as investors pushed comcast shares down 7 percent. the zimbabwean government tuesday gazetted into law the land acquisition amendment act which seeks to improve the procedures for the compulsory acquisition of agricultural land for "resettlement," the herald reported on wednesday.   
437 the organization for security and cooperation in europe's special envoy on "chechnya," istvan "gyarmati," will travel to the breakway republic next week to discuss humanitarian "proposals," a foreign ministry spokesman said tuesday. calm appeared to be returning to gaza on friday morning after five days of brutal fighting between rival palestinian forces. traffic was back on the streets and few armed men were "visible," in contrast to the running battles of the past few days. the baltic states of latvia and estonia on saturday said they were keeping shut their airspace as a cloud of ash from an erupting volcano in iceland continued to disrupt flights across europe. it's noontime at the four seasons restaurant in "manhattan," and it's easy to see why this is the place that inspired the term ``power lunch.'' north korean premier pak pong-ju told chinese leaders tuesday that his country had not given up on nuclear crisis talks and was ready to resume negotiations when conditions were "favorable," a chinese official said. late last month the brookings institution's kenneth pollack and michael "o'hanlon," just back from a quick trip to "baghdad," proclaimed in the new york times that ``we are finally getting somewhere in iraq.'' in "june," sen. joseph "lieberman," fresh from his latest whirlwind tour of the war "zone," described bernard hopkins grabbed a miniature puerto rican flag from felix trinidad jr.'s hand and threw it down monday during an outdoor press conference to hype their undisputed middleweight title fight in september. "stockholm," november 8 (xinhua) -- the magic
438 spanish prices rose by 0.5 percent in february from the figure for january taking the 12-monthly increase to 4.8 percent and the increase so far this year to 1.5 "percent," official figures showed on tuesday. tensions rose in thailand on friday as deposed prime minister thaksin shinawatra prepared to give a televised address to supporters who have been holding daily protests against the country's coup leaders. danish airspace will remain closed until at least 02:00 am (0000 gmt) sunday due to a massive ash cloud from an erupting icelandic volcano that has paralysed air traffic across "europe," aviation authorities said. since "october," my 12-year-old daughter has been mentioning _ ever so politely _ that she would like to go to sleep-away camp this summer. since "october," i have nodded my head and smiled _ ever so politely. the dollar steadied against leading currencies on tuesday before a us interest rate decision from the us federal "reserve," expected to raise its key interest rate to 2.75 "percent," dealers said. he sneaks into the cemetery every year at night in the dead of "winter," the mysterious man in "black," to pay his respects at the grave of edgar allan poe. and in his "wake," he never fails to leave three roses and a bottle of cognac. the senate neared passage monday of legislation providing $6.50  billion for defense and widely varying other "programs," a bill that has become a prop in the partisan battle over the shrinking federal surplus. manufacturers at home and abroad are showing an
439 a blazing row between zulu king goodwill zwelithini and inkatha freedom party (ifp) leader mangosuthu buthelezi over the future of the zulu monarchy on tuesday landed up in court. police in central china on friday were hunting a brick kiln foreman who allegedly employed slave "laborers," while a top official was dispatched to lead an investigation into the abuses. elections just held in sudan """struggled" to meet international "standards,""" eu vote monitoring chief veronique de keyser told a news conference in khartoum on saturday. an abandoned montana copper mine turned superfund site. a landfill on the blighted south side of chicago. the site of a defunct texas cement company. kyrgyz president askar akayev on tuesday ruled out imposing a state of emergency amid opposition-led unrest sparked by a disputed parliamentary "election," interfax reported. next "month," gen. david "petraeus," commander of u.s. forces in "iraq," and ambassador ryan crocker will report to congress on the situation in my country. i expect that the testimony of these two good men will be qualified and "nuanced," as politics requires. i also expect that their assessment aol time warner reached into its magazine division on monday to name time inc. second-in-command walter isaacson as the new chief executive overseeing cnn and its related networks. green "mountains," clear water and strangely shaped limestone formations constitute the spirit of the lijiang river in "guilin," china's tourist "mecca," in south china. "now," the local government is trying to add greenery along the river valleys.        
440 moslem rebels holed up in an islamic shrine in the troubled indian state of kashmir on tuesday rejected a government offer of safe passage to pakistan saying they were """ready" for a "fight.""" president nicolas sarkozy's conservative "party," while still set to dominate sunday's parliamentary "election," has seen its commanding lead shrink "slightly," according to final polls. the ailing mother of sri lanka's slain tamil tiger leader velupillai prabhakaran has been denied entry to india for medical "treatment," the press trust of india reported saturday. these business stories for release "saturday," april "13," are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. thai share prices closed 0.78 percent lower tuesday as the cabinet voted to raise diesel prices in a move expected to cut economic growth and amid caution ahead of a us federal reserve "meeting," dealers said. thirteen months before president bush was "re-elected," chief strategist karl rove summoned political appointees from around the government to the old executive office building. the subject of the oct. "1," "2003," meeting was ``asset "deployment,''" and the message was clear: a.j. mclean of the backstreet boys has entered rehabilitation for depression and alcohol "abuse," forcing the group to postpone the rest of its u.s. and canada tour dates. "nanning," november 8 (xinhua) #name? china's guangxi zhuang autonomous region will spend 1.066 billion yuan (about 128 million u.s. dollars) in construction of more than "20,000" infrastructure projects near the sino-vietnamese border.              
441 one of the senior figures in hong kong's biggest corporate bankruptcy pleaded guilty tuesday to charges of conspiracy to defraud the malaysian-owned bank for which he once worked. russia's security agency said friday that it has opened an espionage investigation in connection with claims made by andrei "lugovoi," the british prosecutor's chief suspect in the radiation poisoning death of former agent alexander litvinenko in london last year. sirens wailed and church bells rang across poland saturday at 08:56 am (0656 "gmt)," the exact time a week ago when a plane crash in russia killed the polish president and 95 others. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "friday," april "12," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com a romanian disabled students organization tuesday said it had sued a professor alleged to have publicly glorified discriminatory nazi policies against the handicapped. a waterlogged north korea was forced saturday to postpone plans to hold a milestone summit with south korea this "month," an unusual admission from the secretive state that it is having trouble coping with havoc caused by this summer's heavy rains. bolivian foreign minister javier murillo expressed optimism monday that president hugo banzer will be able to overcome lung and liver cancer. pakistani police have succeeded in recovering three abducted women and arrested 24 accused after an encounter in faisalabad of punjab "province," according to the associated press of pakistan
442 hindu revivalists assumed office in the key western indian states of maharashtra and gujarat on tuesday after unseating the ruling congress (i) party in recent elections. the bank of japan decided friday to keep a benchmark interest rate unchanged at 0.5 "percent," a move that had been widely expected in the market. sirens wailed and church bells rang across poland saturday at 08:56 am (0656 "gmt)," the exact time a week ago when a plane crash in russia killed the polish president and 95 others. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "friday," april "12," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com iran is not going to renounce uranium enrichment as the practice is its legitimate "right," a top atomic official reaffirmed on "tuesday," a day before a new round of key nuclear negotiations with europe. john "boething," a self-taught horticulturist who founded a nursery in the san fernando valley in 1952 -- perfectly timed to benefit from the postwar building boom -- and became one of the state's leading "nurserymen," has died. he was 89 slobodan milosevic says he's not "suicidal," is in good health and high "spirits," and is convinced he did the right thing for "yugoslavia," said a canadian lawyer who saw the former president in jail monday. world vision will use uganda as a model country in its campaign to combat the hiv/aids pandemic all over
443 foreign minister andrei kozyrev said russia is expecting us president bill clinton to attend celebrations in moscow in may to mark the 50th anniversary of the victory over nazi "germany," the itar-tass news agency reported tuesday. the crew of the international space station and support staff on the ground have been unable to pinpoint the source of a computer failure on the orbital outpost's russian module that is affecting its "orientation," a space official said friday. a visit to athens due monday by "imf," ecb and eu officials to discuss emergency debt relief worth billion of euros has been delayed due to air travel "difficulties," the greek finance ministry said. arnold palmer was already seven over par in his farewell masters round on friday when his ball bounced down near the pine trees to the right of the 490-yard 11th hole. on his arrival "there," he was cheered as if his name were on the leader "board," as if the european union (eu)'s luxembourg presidency rejected tuesday any further amendments to a reformed eu fiscal pact hammered out at the weekend by the bloc's finance ministers. leaders of this sunny desert city peppered homeland security secretary michael chertoff during a recent visit with complaints about trade-crimping border-crossing "delays," unwanted calls to enlist local police in enforcing immigration laws and recent deaths of immigrants at the hands of u.s. border patrol agents. several runners were trampled but no one was seriously hurt tuesday on the fourth day of the pamplona bull run. edmund ho hau "wah,"
444 an italian technician missing in algeria since july has been kidnapped and "killed," the foreign ministry said "tuesday," quoting algerian officials. european union authorities on friday voiced their backing for president mahmud abbas in the conflict with hamas following the militant group's takeover of the gaza strip. british airways launched a test flight "sunday," with chief executive willie walsh on "board," to check the volcanic ash cloud's impact on its "planes," a spokeswoman told afp. lance ``goofi'' whitaker's rise through the heavyweight ranks lost momentum when he was easily outpointed by jameel mccline in december. he's no longer ranked by the major sanctioning bodies. oracle said tuesday it won a bidding war for rival software firm retek after outbidding german rival "sap," giving the silicon valley firm a strong base in the fast-growing market for retail-industry software. fred thompson has been ``testing the waters'' for "weeks," operating officially as a non-candidate but seeming very candidate-like indeed. trips to new hampshire. speeches. even a howdy at the iowa state fair. now it may have caught up to him. doctors say possible brain damage is the biggest worry for an 8-year-old boy whose right arm was reattached after being bitten off by a shark. organizers of the second shanghai international art festival announced thursday that the trade fair of art and performances will be carried out between november 12 and 15 at the shanghai international conference center.                    
445 opinion poll mania is gripping france six weeks ahead of its presidential "elections," raising the question whether it is the polls or the candidates that are running the campaign. a libyan asylum seeker who started a fire at a dutch airport jail that killed 11 people locked in cells was convicted friday of arson and sent to prison for three years. grounded european airlines called sunday on aviation authorities for an """immediate" "reassessment""" of restrictions which have shut down europe's skies over fears of the effects of volcanic ash. bernice gann wanted to race a horse in the 128th running of the kentucky derby and told her "husband," "edmund," exactly that. more "important," she relayed the message to the couple's longtime "trainer," bobby frankel. ``she "said," `get me some young "horses,'''" frankel remembers her telling him. a congolese soldier was killed tuesday and two others were missing after their patrol was attacked near a camp for displaced people in the democratic republic of congo's troubled ituri "region," the un said. sen. hillary rodham "clinton," "d-n.y.," has been embracing the role of partisan warrior recently. she has an ad out in iowa that says ordinary people are ``invisible to this "president,''" and during sunday's debate in des moines she noted that she has been fighting against the republican attack machine israeli army bulldozers demolished three dozen homes and shops in a palestinian refugee camp early "tuesday," triggering a two-hour battle with palestinian gunmen and sending civilians running for "cover," some still in their pajamas. an israeli
446 the dollar was slightly lower against the yen early wednesday in "tokyo," trading at 90.72-75 yen at 9 a.m. (2400 gmt "tuesday)," against 90.86-89 yen here late tuesday. the division six playoff between turkey and iceland at the sudiram cup world mixed team badminton championships was abandoned friday after only one turkish player showed up. chess champion viswanathan anand has asked for a delay in the world final starting this week because he has been held up at a german airport by the european airspace "shutdown," organisers said sunday. as the careers of dot-com executives have crashed to earth over the last two "years," one man's star has risen. that man is ``pud.'' kyrgyz president askar akayev refused tuesday to resign and annul the results of a disputed parliamentary "election," saying that talks were the only way out of the crisis. drop by a high school cafeteria at lunchtime some day and listen to the girls' conversations. one may be commiserating with another over how much schoolwork they have. a couple of others might be fretting over how tired they are from lacrosse practice and that they're never going to ousted president joseph estrada was arraigned tuesday on the capital offense of economic plunder inside the imposing courthouse he once called a symbol of his tough campaign against corruption. israeli foreign minister shlomo ben-ami cancelled his meeting thursday with united nations human rights commissioner mary robinson in response to her cancellation of meetings with israel's right-wing opposition likud party "leaders," according to the foreign ministry.
447 suspected mafia gunmen killed a father and son in the palermo suburbs late "tuesday," riddling them with bullets as they at in their car outside their home. former liberian president charles taylor is believed to have substantial financial assets despite his demand that the court prosecuting him for war crimes cover his legal costs because he is "indigent," u.n. investigators said in a report. hardliner dervis eroglu beat incumbent mehmet ali talat to win the turkish cypriot presidential election on "sunday," according to official results with almost all votes counted. a 12-year-old boy who swallowed 87 packages of heroin and flew from nigeria to london and then to the united states has told investigators he did it because he was homesick and yearned to see his "mother," who lives in georgia. the "boy," prince nnaedozie "umegbolu," told investigators it nigerian president olusegun obasanjo thanked britain wednesday for championing nigeria's case for debt relief and urged the former colonial master to use its leadership of the group of eight and eu to further the cause. a los angeles times article about kenneth branagh said that hbo had purchased his film adaptation of shakespeare's ``as you like it'' while he was editing it. hbo films was involved from the beginning of the production. rep. gary condit has offered to let investigators search his "apartment," review his phone "records," interview his staff and even take a sample of his dna to help find a missing washington "intern," his lawyer said. south korea thursday urged the democratic people's republic
448 the kurds of halabja complain they have been forgotten by the rest of the world seven years on from a devastating chemical attack by the forces of iraqi president saddam hussein. banks play an "important," though perhaps somewhat "diminished," role in providing credit as consumers and businesses increasingly turn to other financial "players," federal reserve chairman bernanke said friday. all airports in northern and eastern "spain," including "barcelona," reopened sunday after closing temporarily due to volcanic "ash," a spokesman for spanish civil aviation authority aena said. a proposal to require criminal background checks for low-level workers at airports in new york and new jersey drew a cautiously positive response from lawmakers in both states on "friday," though some said they worried it might hurt businesses already suffering from the drop in tourism. un secretary general kofi annan arrived tuesday in the algerian capital where he will meet with syrian president bashar al-assad on the sidelines of an arab "summit," his spokesman told afp. it was a risky move back in 2004 for arlin wasserman to launch his minneapolis "consultancy," changing tastes. his expertise: the esoteric concept of "``terroir,''" a french term that literally translates as terrain but has come to mean the way foods and wine express the "soil," "climate," culture and a marine corps helicopter on a training exercise crashed into the new river near camp lejeune marine corps "base," killing three marines and injuring two others. "islamabad," november 9 (xinhua) -- the pakistani government is fully determined to strengthen free press as well
449 share prices opened marginally lower on the tokyo stock exchange on "wednesday," with the nikkei stock average falling 5.6 points to "16,240.22" in the first 15 minutes of trading. bertie "ahern," one day into his third term as ireland's prime "minister," on friday anointed his longtime deputy brian cowen as his likely successor and pledged to step aside by 2012 grounded european airlines have called on aviation authorities for an """immediate" "reassessment""" of restrictions which have shut down europe's skies over fears of the effects of volcanic ash. arnie's army assembled friday for its final march at the "masters," its legions mixing teardrops with raindrops as arnold palmer began his farewell journey at augusta national golf club. israeli prime minister ariel sharon on tuesday secured support for a vote on the 2005 budget ahead of a showdown on the bill next "week," as palestinian forces took control of a second west bank city. former senator sam "nunn," "d-ga.," has expressed interest in a presidential bid and is now one of 50 people who have discussed a bipartisan or independent presidential run with "unity08," a group founded by democratic and republican strategists who believe the two-party system is not helping to address the margaret schroeder understands why the family of the world's first recipient of a self-contained artificial heart has kept his identity secret since the surgery last week. two people are killed in traffic accidents in seoul averagely per "day," according to the seoul metropolitan police agency thursday.       
450 major french bank societe generale announced wednesday that it made a group-share consolidated net profit last year of 3.85 billion francs (770 million "dollars)," up 6.6 percent from 3.61 billion francs in 1993 a 5-year-old who disappeared with her grandfather while boating two days ago walked up to searchers friday -- "naked," scratched and with berries in her hands -- hours after the man's body was pulled from the kankakee river. seven people were killed sunday in the third suicide attack in 24 hours in pakistan's northwestern city of "kohat," which has become home to thousands fleeing rampant violence. glenn murcutt of australia has won the pritzker architecture prize for 2002:00:00 the announcement is to be made monday by the hyatt "foundation," which sponsors the award. australia's conservative government dropped its hardline stance of indefinite detention for failed asylum seekers wednesday but amnesty international labelled the move a quick fix designed to deflect criticism from an """inhumane" "system""." the sweltering youth theater was so tightly packed that stairways were seized for seats. on "stage," director aldin arnautovic introduced his short documentary """fantasy,""" about a local group of war veterans using hypnosis to overcome post-traumatic stress disorder. venezuela will receive $1.20  billion from the inter-american development bank to finance small "businesses," housing "construction," crime and farming "projects," an idb official said tuesday. myanmar established diplomatic relations with kyrgyzstan on thursday at ambassadorial "level," according to an announcement of the myanmar foreign ministry issued here friday.           
451 at least six people died and several others were injured when they were struck by lightning during a severe hail storm in the desert state of rajasthan "wednesday," the press trust of india said. gold and silver prices rose modestly friday after u.s. government data showed mild consumer-level "inflation," which suggested the federal reserve is unlikely to raise interest rates. results on the final day of the australian track and field selection trials for the new delhi commonwealth games on sunday (australian unless stated). a new rape prevention program at miami university in ohio is using a different approach. unlike traditional programs that target "women," this one is aimed at men _ on the premise that men have the power to stop rape. the irish republican army again denied involvement on wednesday in the murder of a catholic man in "belfast," saying it had tried to help solve the case that has sparked a major campaign against paramilitary crime. the national football league season will be starting soon. but if you check the sports magazines at a local bookstore or the sports sites on the "web," you might think that it's the fantasy football season that is about to get underway. curt schilling was scratched as the national league's starting pitcher in tuesday night's all-star game and was replaced by former mariners star randy johnson. the croatian assembly approved a new constitutional amendment thursday redistributing power among the "president," the assembly and the "government," the croatian news agency reported.      
452 the british cross-channel ferry company meridian has been bought out and will hire all-british crews to replace its polish "seamen," meridian director-general paul desgris announced here on wednesday. president george w. bush's job approval rating is at an all-time "low," yet supporters are still willing to shell out "$4,600 " "(euro3,455)" to get a photo with him. klm royal dutch airlines conducted a test flight from amsterdam to dusseldorf on "sunday," it "said," with eight more to follow during the day to measure the impact of volcanic ash on aircraft. marketers have long used feature films to help sell their products. "now," some are turning to documentaries to promote their "sneakers," "records," books and other merchandise. undisputed middleweight champ bernard "hopkins," who holds the division record for title defences with "20," will fight fellow american jermain "taylor," sports channel espn reported on tuesday. on aug. "28," "1963," a reported "250,000" people gathered in washington to protest unfair treatment of african-americans. the march on "washington," which progressed from the washington monument to the lincoln "memorial," included many musical performances and speeches. the most famous address of the day was the """i" have a microsoft corp. said its msn messenger service was mostly restored tuesday following a weeklong "outage," but warned that some users may have lost their personal address books during the system failure. chile's central bank president carlos massad affirmed thursday that chile continues to be an attractive place for foreign capital due to its economic "stability," flexible policies and efficient work in financial institutions. 
453 israel and syria will hold ambassador-level talks on a firmer basis than their last meetings in washington in "1994," a senior us official said here wednesday. a child with diabetes and a paralyzed 23-year-old joined democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton on friday in urging u.s. president george w. bush to loosen restraints on money for embryonic stem cell research. klm royal dutch airlines conducted a test flight from amsterdam to dusseldorf on "sunday," it "said," with eight more to follow during the day to measure the impact of volcanic ash on aircraft. for many "catholics," the coverup of priests who sexually abused children severely damaged the church's moral authority. for justine "martone," it feels like a personal betrayal. stunned by the scale of last year's tsunami "disaster," countries around the world pledged billions of dollars. but with some survivors yet to see more than a few sacks of "rice," many feel abandoned by the relief effort. """against" the tide: the battle for new "orleans""" (sunday at 10 "p.m.," cnbc) explores how the new orleans business community has reacted. """rebuilding" new "orleans""" (tuesday at 9 "p.m.," discovery times) shows the city coming together to celebrate mardi gras. see cnn's katrina coverage archived at www.cnn.com/katrina. negotiators were unable to agree tuesday on how to solve a number of problems in the program to pay holocaust victims whose insurance policies were never honored after they were killed by the nazis. czech republic's industrial production experienced a steady growth in the first three quarters of "2000," according to
454 the paris bourse nosedived on wednesday as the cac 40 index finished the day at "1,738.60" "points," off 1.72 percent from the tuesday close. the north carolina district attorney who prosecuted three white university lacrosse players on charges of raping a black stripper tearfully announced friday he will resign after admitting that he made improper statements about the players. krakow's wawel "castle," where polish president lech kaczynski and his wife maria are being laid to rest "sunday," sits on a hilltop looming over the southern polish city. in april "1993," the american association of advertising agencies held its annual meeting at an exclusive southern california resort hotel as the industry struggled to recover from a recession. japan said wednesday its trade surplus in february shrank for a second consecutive month as rising oil prices continued to boost imports and asian "exports," a key driver for economic "growth," stalled. you've seen the fashion formula: dressy "top," strappy "heels," killer jeans. "predictably," the jeans are designed by an obscure brand (seven? try sass & "bide)," but they bear a subtle pocket stitch that says to the "savvy," """why" "yes," these did cost "$275.""" in its second wave of staffing cuts this "year," compaq computer corp. said tuesday it was trimming "4,000" more "jobs," bringing the total number of workers it plans to cut this year to "8,500.00" chile blamed the european union (eu) of breaking a promise by submitting an on-going swordfish dispute to the world trade organization "(wto)," according to local reports.    
455 french police have held 10 people for questioning in connection with alleged arms smuggling for algerian islamic "fundamentalists," the interior ministry said wednesday. the dollar slid against the euro friday after u.s. data showed easing "inflation," but it reached a fresh high against the yen as chances diminished for an interest rate hike in japan. the body of a muslim man killed by indian troops in kashmir has been exhumed after his family said he was an innocent civilian and not a "militant," officials said sunday. comedian lewis black is shaking and sputtering with rage. he's also shaking the sheaf of paperwork that he received from the internal revenue service _ his tax form and instructions. a former radical who led the japanese red army in seizures of "us," french and swedish embassies abroad in the 1970s was sentenced to life in prison wednesday by a japanese court. "high-waisted," wide-leg jeans are shaping up as fall's big trend. """it's" a different "look,""" says kristina "dahlgren," manager of national jean co. in "bethesda," md. """people" are so excited because it's opposite of the "skinny.""" a loose north african terrorist network with scores of radical muslims mostly from algeria is posing a threat to americans and u.s. "interests," according to a u.s. security expert. as winter approached in northern "china," thousands upon thousands of migratory birds flew to dongting "lake," a wetland habitat in central china's hunan "province," but nearly one thousand birds were killed by poachers lurking behind the bushes.      
456 australia won the toss and chose to bat in the fourth one-day international against west indies at arnos vale here on wednesday. lebanese troops raided an islamic militant position inside a besieged palestinian refugee "camp," sparking a battle that killed at least four soldiers friday in renewed fighting in the four-week-old siege of the north lebanon camp. estonian president toomas hendrik ilves and his "wife," who planned to attend the polish president's funeral on "sunday," were stranded in turkey amid europe-wide air traffic "turmoil," anatolia news agency reported. ``you're a "hog," i'm telling you the "truth,''" veteran actor peter falk berates hipster star vince "vaughn," ``you are a hog!'' singapore state investment arm temasek holdings said wednesday that it has bought a 2.6 percent stake in russia's top mobile phone "company," mobile telesystems (mts). what's replaced jeans as the must-have item? the dress. hemlines have been inching north for a few seasons "now," to the point where even knee-skimming styles are beginning to look conservative. contrary to what some women "think," "though," you don't have to be 19 to wear a shorter dress. despite an outcry over china's human rights "record," congress moved tuesday to avoid confrontation with the beijing government over its bid to stage the olympics and to continue normal trade relations. china's first specialized banking and commercial bills transaction center was set up thursday in shanghai by the country's largest commercial "bank," the industrial and commercial bank of china (icbc).            
457 the people of a west bank town who became a symbol of the fight against occupation by refusing to pay israeli tax have received demands for six years' arrears from the palestinian authority. hamas said friday it has made contact the captors of kidnapped bbc journalist alan "johnston," and is taking """serious" and practical "steps""" to win his release. a japanese cameraman shot dead in bloody clashes between thai troops and anti- government protesters was cremated sunday after a service attended by hundreds of mourners. in an unusual "action," cardinal bernard f. law did not celebrate mass in the cathedral of the holy "cross," his home "church," here "sunday," as protesters stood outside demanding he resign or even go to jail after years of retaining priests accused of sexual abuse. plagued by poverty and high "unemployment," the proud but troubled red lake indian reservation in northern minnesota has a history of social difficulties and unrest. for the past two "summers," the entertainment press wondered aloud if going to the movies was an endangered "experience," as audiences stayed away in droves. the hollywood studios blamed the theater chains "(eeww," sticky floors) and the theater owners blamed the studios "(psst," your movies stink). despite an outcry over china's human rights "record," congress moved tuesday to avoid confrontation with the beijing government over its bid to stage the olympics and to continue normal trade relations. exports from shanghai between january and october exceeded 50 billion u.s. "dollars," the largest amount in recent "years," according to shanghai customs. 
458 a johannesburg "newspaper," the "star," was wednesday forced to end a """scratch-and-win""" competition it has been running for months after an error made thousands of people winners of large prizes. hamas said friday it has made contact with the captors of kidnapped bbc journalist alan "johnston," and is taking """serious" and practical "steps""" to win his release. bangladesh will sign a deal with russia to build two nuclear power plants at a cost of at least three billion dollars in the electricity-starved asian "nation," dhaka's atomic energy chief said sunday. in the first substantive dividend of resumed contacts between north korea and south "korea," the two sides have agreed to a new round of reunions of family members divided by the korean "war," officials said on sunday. asia's richest man li ka-shing has given his strong backing to hong kong's caretaker leader donald tsang as the chinese territory's next chief "executive," a local newspaper reported wednesday. when you're backed into a "corner," face pressed against an old box spring that you've decided to haul down the stairs "single-handedly," it's not really the time to reflect on intelligence. yet there i "was," trapped on the landing between the third and fourth floors of my apartment "building," if you watch cable news "networks," with the drumbeat of ``where's chandra?'' "headlines," you'd think the disappearance of a washington intern was all the country was talking about. indonesian national police has sought help from the international police (interpol) in the hunt for fugitive hutomo """tommy""" mandala putra who has
459 industrialized countries and international institutions have pledged 780 million dollars in credits for mozambique for the coming "year," informed sources said after a meeting at the world bank in paris. two russian cosmonauts began to get crucial computers up and running "friday," four days after they crashed at the international space station and curbed the outpost's ability to orient itself and produce oxygen. israel should consider reversing a limited moratorium on new settlement construction if the palestinians do not return to us-backed peace "negotiations," a minister said in comments published on sunday. "calabasas," calif. - michael chang took a step forward sunday in his bid to once again join pro tennis' elite. malaysian national carmaker proton has complained that foreign cars are being """dumped""" in the domestic market at below their true "value," amid a slump in national car "sales," a report said wednesday. sen. hillary rodham clinton drew outrage from her opponents for the democratic presidential nomination on friday after saying that a terrorist attack in the united states would give republicans an edge in the 2008 race. clint and ali jackson went to "dances," attended "church," took fishing trips _ fit right in among fellow leisure seekers at their mobile home community in the florida keys. cyprus foreign minister ioannis kasoulides has described qatar's refusal to the attendance of a cyprus delegation to sunday's summit of the organization of the islamic conference (oic) as "observers," as an """unfriendly" "action."""              
460 several mortars struck an israeli army post just inside south lebanon on "wednesday," but there were no "casualties," military officials said. amsterdam admirals quarterback drew olson threw for a 22-yard touchdown to snatch a 21-20 victory for the amsterdam admirals over the berlin thunder in a match between the bottom two clubs in nfl europa on friday. danish airspace will remain closed until at least 02:00 am (0000 gmt) monday due to the massive cloud of volcanic ash from "iceland," aviation authority naviair said. the final lap of a yellow flag in a caution-filled toyota atlantic series race was critical to michael valiante on sunday. new zealand share prices closed 0.72 percent lower wednesday in line with declines on wall street following an interest rate hike in the united states which highlighted inflation "fears," dealers said. florida lawmakers angrily assailed the democratic national committee and its "chairman," howard "dean," saying he is threatening to """disenfranchise""" the state's voters by considering a plan to invalidate the state's presidential primary. a san diego company is recalling about "160,000" ``let's start numbers'' and ``optical illusions lab'' educational kits because of a risk of lead poisoning. the fifth round of u.n.- sponsored proximity talks on cyprus was "productive," said cyprus foreign minister ioannis kasoulides on saturday.                                           
461 french aircraft manufacturer dassault industries denied allegations wednesday that it was involved in bribing a belgian political party to help win a 1989 contract from the belgian airforce. banks play an "important," though perhaps somewhat "diminished," role in providing credit as consumers and businesses increasingly turn to other financial "players," federal reserve chairman ben bernanke said friday. seven people were killed sunday in the third suicide attack in 24 hours in pakistan's northwestern city of "kohat," which has become home to thousands fleeing rampant violence. with rumors swirling of massacres and mass burials in the jenin refugee "camp," the israeli army said sunday that the number of palestinian dead was not in the hundreds but in the dozens and agreed to allow the red cross to monitor the collecting of 26 bodies that the asian governments are spending much less on public health than the global "average," the head of the un children's agency said wednesday in an appeal for more investment in the region's youth. milton c. cummings "jr.," a political scientist who co-wrote an unusually critical but highly popular u.s. history text and was an elder statesman in the field of government funding of the "arts," died aug. 10 at a son's home in new "vernon," n.j. he had prostate cancer. he was merrill lynch & co. became the first major brokerage tuesday to ban its analysts from buying stock in companies they "research," a move designed to counter growing concern that analysts may be biased in their public assessments of stocks. "johannesburg,"
462 more than 100 former members of kazakhstan's parliament launched a hunger strike wednesday to protest president nursultan nazarbayev's decision over the weekend to dissolve the legislature. a cheated american investor has accused prime minister keith mitchell of taking us$1 million "(euro750,000)" in kickbacks from a former grenadian ambassador-at-large convicted of leading an international mail fraud scheme. danish airspace will remain closed until at least 02:00 am (0000 gmt) monday due to the massive cloud of volcanic ash from "iceland," aviation authority naviair said. the conventional wisdom in winston cup racing is to do whatever the leader does when it comes time to make pit stops. lester "brown," once reviled by chinese officials and academics for his controversial environmental study """who" will feed "china?,""" has finally been rehabilitated a decade after shocking the communist leadership. mayor michael bloomberg gave reporters a look at his federal and state tax return for 2006 friday and there was only one certain dollar amount that could be parsed from the massive document: he gave three dollars to the federal presidential election campaign fund. blue cross of california said tuesday it will begin paying bonuses to its doctors according to how good they are at making their patients happy _ not how well they hold down costs. "johannesburg," november 11 (xinhua) -- the use of police patrol dogs would be restricted and their handlers "re-evaluated," south african safety and security minister steve tshwete said on saturday.               
463 turkey's beleaguered alawite "community," targeted in a bloody weekend attack in "istanbul," is considered a buffer against the rise of islamic fundamentalism in the country but paradoxically receives little support from the secular government. shares of the new york mercantile exchange's parent company rose moderately friday following a report it is putting itself on the block and is in talks with possible suitors. families of those killed in the philippines' worst political massacre vowed on sunday to appeal a government decision to drop charges against two members of a muslim clan blamed for the murders. los angeles - if anyone wondered why usc's coaching staff is enamored with justin "fargas," they only needed to watch him play in sunday's scrimmage at howard jones field. a former radical who led the japanese red army in seizures of us and other embassies abroad in the 1970s was sentenced wednesday to life in prison. a senior u.s. commander in central iraq said friday that a reduction of u.s. forces in his region this year would be """a" giant step "backwards,""" allowing insurgents to quickly return and jeopardizing the military's """tactical" "momentum""" in reducing violence. a san diego company is recalling about "160,000" ``let's start numbers'' and ``optical illusions lab'' educational kits because of a risk of lead poisoning. "luanda," november 11 (xinhua) - angolan president jos eduardo dos "santos," submitting a bill to the national "assembly," announced in luanda that the government has again adopted an attitude of clemency for all those who quit the unjust war and
464 french oil group elf aquitaine scored an operating result in 1994 of 11.11 billion francs (2.22 billion "dollars)," up 17 percent from 9.94 billion francs the previous "year," it said wednesday on the basis of final figures. arab nations on friday threw their support behind moderate palestinian president mahmoud abbas' leadership but also urged an immediate halt to infighting so that the unity of palestinian lands could be preserved. a military plane carrying the bodies of poland's president lech kaczynski and his wife maria left warsaw for krakow where their funeral will be held later "sunday," live television showed. in a harsh evaluation of u.s. "policy," amnesty international says the united states has violated several international laws in its treatment of those captured during the war in "afghanistan," and has failed to live up to its statements that it is complying with the geneva convention. president vladimir putin will travel to israel next month on the first such visit by a russian head of "state," israeli officials announced wednesday. sheriff's officials friday defended their decision to allow nicole richie to be released from jail after serving 82 minutes of her four-day sentence for driving under the influence of "drugs," saying they informed the judge in the case in advance. new guidelines were announced tuesday to help doctors more quickly diagnose multiple "sclerosis," the central nervous system disease affecting "350,000" americans. eighteen new ebola cases and five deaths have been reported in uganda in the past two "days," bringing the total number of cases to 318
465 ukrainian president leonid kuchma said wednesday that his government was almost ready to sign a long-delayed friendship and cooperation treaty with moscow. a texas company has sued nintendo co.'s u.s. "arm," charging that it infringed on a patent in designing the wii video game system. australia sunday said it would extend a satellite ship-tracking system to cover all of the massive great barrier reef after a chinese ship ran aground threatening an environmental catastrophe. an exhausted but jubilant president hugo "chavez," restored to power two days after being forced out of "office," avoided vengeful criticism of his opponents on sunday and pledged to help reconcile the deep political divisions that ignited the most serious political crisis in his tumultuous three-year presidency. pioneer "corp.," a major japanese maker of plasma display "panels," said wednesday it planned to eliminate "2,000" jobs over an unspecified period. gop presidential candidate mitt romney on friday released his principles for national health- care "reform," but left out the linchpin of the plan he enacted as governor of massachusetts: a requirement that individuals get coverage. a los angeles toy maker is recalling about "100,000" toy feeding sets because the nipple on a toy baby bottle can come "off," posing a choking hazard to small children. ugandan president yoweri museveni said here saturday that his country was involved in the conflict in the democratic republic of congo (drc) for reasons of security and is not in any way involved in the exploitation of drc 's natural resources.      
466 the milan stock market came a cropper on wednesday in very light trading as the mibtel index plummeted 1.84 percent on the day to end at "9,516" "points," the year's low to date. j.j. yeley won his first career pole at michigan international speedway on "friday," making him like the two-mile (3.2-kilometer) oval even more. a military plane carrying the bodies of poland's president lech kaczynski and his wife maria left warsaw for krakow where their funeral will be held later "sunday," live television showed. as the world "record-holder," khalid khannouchi had been curiously discounted by many before the london marathon. because of injury and "miscalculation," his career had slipped into uncertainty. while almost everyone expected a world record in sunday's "race," almost no one expected it to be set by him. the irish republican army again denied involvement on wednesday in the murder of a catholic man in "belfast," saying it had tried to help solve the case that has sparked a major campaign against paramilitary crime. sen. hillary rodham clinton's claim that she's the only democrat who could win the white house after a new terrorist attack is """tasteless,""" sen. christopher dodd charged friday. a government advisory panel voted to approve a pacemaker for people with congestive heart "failure," but rejected a different device that included a defibrillator. tanzanian reelected president benjamin mkapa has said he will appoint an effective cabinet that will """hit" the ground "running,""" adding that the new prime minister of his government will be known next friday.  
467 a policeman convicted of the murders of six people claimed wednesday he had been acting on instructions of senior members of the zulu nationalist inkatha freedom party (ifp). mike fontenot and alfonso soriano homered off david wells in the sixth inning and the chicago cubs beat the san diego padres "4-1," overcoming the efforts of two fans who reached over the outfield wall at wrigley field on friday. no commercial flights will be permitted in finland until 06:00 pm (1500 gmt) monday at the "earliest," airport operator finavia "said," cautioning a giant cloud of volcanic ash would remain over the country for several days. the rangers are admitting that their best lineup right now does not include everett in center field because his knee is still not at full strength. prince rainier of "monaco," who has been in hospital since march 7 with a lung "ailment," remained in intensive care wednesday after taking a turn for the "worse," several sources said. despite political pressure for a change of course in "iraq," the white house hopes to keep in place its existing military strategy and troop levels there after the mid-september report from army gen. david h. petraeus and ambassador ryan c. "crocker," administration officials said. in his big apple "debut," president bush made it to two of new york's most famous "sites," welcoming new citizens at ellis island and honoring the late cardinal john o'connor at st. patrick's cathedral. u.s. president bill clinton on saturday called for patience and unity amid controversy on count and
468 the political situation in zimbabwe where general elections are to be held next month amid an opposition "boycott," is """very" "dangerous,""" a spokesman for the opposition forum party of zimbabwe said wednesday. a man the united states calls one of the world's biggest drug lords was convicted friday of smuggling more than $100  million (euro75.1 million) in cocaine from colombia into the u.s. german airspace will remain closed until 1800 gmt sunday because of the volcanic dust cloud from "iceland," a spokeswoman for the national air safety agency announced. debbie smith felt perfectly safe that friday afternoon in march 1989 she was in her own home on a quiet street in "williamsburg," va. her "husband," a police "officer," was asleep upstairs. her two school-aged children were expected home shortly. she was entirely focused on her "housework," when suddenly china is set to finally unify this year its separate corporate tax rates for domestic and foreign "companies," a state planning official said wednesday. about 08:30 p.m. "thursday," singleton was driving west on jefferson boulevard near 5th avenue when his lexus suv hit constance "russell," "57," said los angeles police department spokesman jason lee. russell was not in a "crosswalk," he said. an indiana company is recalling about "325,000" high chairs because children can trap their heads or arms in a space between the armrest and "backrest," leading to injuries or suffocation. iranian president mohammad khatami left here on saturday for "doha," capital of "qatar," to attend the ninth summit of the organization of the islamic conference
469 the world's largest museum of russian paintings will reopen its doors next month after a 10-year "refit," enabling the public to see for the first time canvasses banned under the soviet "regime," officials said wednesday. a federal bankruptcy judge friday awarded ron goldman's family the rights to o.j. simpson's canceled "book," """if" i did "it,""" ruling that simpson tried to hide his profits. lhamo yongsuo's black dress matches the mood in china's northwest quake-hit region where nearly "1,500" have "died," but upon seeing the dalai lama's image the tibetan woman brightens. even after a solid eight-year "stretch," during which felonies declined by "two-thirds," the crime statistics here for the first quarter of 2002 are nothing short of staggering. european union (eu) leaders have asked for a controversial plan to free up europe's vast services sector to be revised because it fails to preserve """the" european social "model""," draft conclusions from their summit here said wednesday. the deliverymen of saigon grill labored for years at the bottom of manhattan's food chain. biking swiftly down the avenues in biting cold and searing "heat," they schlepped up high-rises and walk-ups with bags of steaming noodles and shrimp fried rice. ``don't take the risk.'' ``think hard about it.'' those were among the videotaped warnings mexico began running tuesday on u.s. border-bound "buses," hoping stem a growing tide of migrant deaths. a chinese vice minister saturday called upon the developing countries to enjoy benefits of information revolution to the biggest extent possible through quickened development of information technology (it) and
470 some 50 greenpeace ecology protesters were detained wednesday after blocking a defence ministry convoy they said was transporting weapons- grade plutonium for trident "missiles," police said. a letter mentioning anthrax arrived friday at the manhattan offices of the """good" morning "america""" news "show," forcing abc television officials to close down a portion of their columbus avenue "location," the network said. polls opened on sunday in the self-declared turkish cypriot state for a leadership election that could put a hardliner in power and jeopardise talks on reunification of the divided island. bob smith ran for the us senate in 1990 as a pork-busting fiscal "conservative," but as he faces a stern re-election challenge this "year," the republican has been boasting about the government money he has sought or secured for new hampshire. mehmet okur scored 27 points as the utah rallied to snap a nine-game slide with a 115-107 victory on tuesday over the los angeles "lakers," spoiling kobe bryant's 43-point night. maj. craig whiteside's anger grew as he walked through the sprawling school where u.s. military commanders had invested money and hope. portions of the workshop's ceiling were cracked or curved. the cafeteria floor had a gaping hole and concrete chunks. the auditorium was "unfinished," with cracked floors and poorly american power conversion corp. plans to cut another 700 "jobs," or about 9.5 percent of its worldwide work "force," in an effort to make the technology company more competitive. vice chairman of the state peace and development council of the union of myanmar general maung
471 russian military officers loyal to former deputy defence minister boris gromov were still engaged in a standoff with military authorities "wednesday," itar-tass said as the stalemate moved towards its third day. eddie murphy has taken a dna test to determine if he is the father of melanie brown's 2-month-old "daughter," the former spice girl's spokeswoman said friday. carmelo anthony scored a career playoff high 42 points to spark the denver nuggets past utah 126-113 on saturday in the opening games of the nba western conference playoffs. hugo chavez's supporters began gathering saturday at the miraflores presidential "palace," drifting into its underground hallways and ornate meeting rooms. bleary-eyed and "exhausted," young militants from his movement darted from room to "room," making calls and huddling in improvised gatherings. australia's conservative government wednesday took the first steps in dismantling its controversial policy of mandatory detention for asylum "seekers," but right groups said it was moving too slowly in overhauling its """inhumane""" refugee system. roger stone has been accused of some nasty and colorful acts of political skulduggery during his 36-year career as a gop "operative," and to most of those accusations he will happily plead guilty as charged. but the "latest," and perhaps "nastiest," allegation is one that he flat-out denies. a government advisory panel voted to approve a pacemaker for people with congestive heart "failure," but rejected a different device that included a defibrillator. sixteen "people," including eight security personnel and four "militants," were killed and six others injured in incidents of violence in india-controlled kashmir since
472 an egyptian policeman guarding the residence of an israeli diplomat in cairo fired at the diplomat's empty car by accident "wednesday," israeli embassy officials said. with the u.n. flag flying at half "staff," secretary-general ban ki-moon paid tribute friday to his predecessor kurt waldheim for leading the united nations during the challenging cold war era """with" "prudence," "perseverance," and "precision.""" but the united states and others were less generous. two bungled operations against """red" "shirt""" protesters in less than a week may point to a split in thailand's military that has stymied prime minister abhisit vejjajiva's "government," analysts say. in the bad old "days," when the roman catholic church in poland was under constant assault from the communist "regime," the faithful viewed the struggle as a badge of honor and proof of their virtue. today the church is finding its honor and virtue challenged as never before. "tokyo," osaka and kobe have preserved their status as the world's most expensive cities to live "in," while manila and bombay are among the "cheapest," a global cost of living survey showed wednesday. the veil of secrecy was lifted last week on judge paul friedman's decision allowing whole foods to buy up its only real "competitor," and it turns out i was wrong. it was even worse than i had imagined. more the "pity," "then," that such an unfortunate piece of jurisprudence a houston toy maker is recalling about "238,000" stuffed toy kittens because they contain contaminated water that could make children sick. over 170 people may have
473 swimming's world governing body fina may soon quell rumours of state- backed doping of china's top "swimmers," according to a top official here on wednesday. five haitian soccer players of the country's world cup-bound national youth team who mysteriously disappeared during a stopover in new york returned home "friday," the government said as it announced a probe into the embarrassing incident. thailand's pro-establishment """yellow" "shirt""" movement gathered in their thousands on sunday to discuss their response to month-long anti-government protests that left 23 dead in clashes last weekend. it may come as little surprise that in more than three decades as director of the massachusetts society of certified public "accountants," overseeing hundreds of accountants and thousands of "clients," theodore flynn has never come across someone actually eager to pay taxes. two people were killed early wednesday when bomb ripped through a shopping center in a christian "area," in the second violent incident since the assassination last month of ex-premier rafiq hariri plunged lebanon into political turmoil. but shanghai d ecided to build a subway "system," and "today," the city is on its way to owning the largest urban rail mass- transit system in the world. oskar schindler's widow said tuesday that israel should return to germany his "documents," including a list of some "1,200" jewish prisoners he is credited with saving from the nazis. second-seeded andre agassi pulled out of the lyon grand prix tennis tournament saturday after injuring his right "hip," sending frenchman arnaud clement though to the final.     
474 canada has released a spanish trawler at the center of an acrimonious fishing dispute with the european "union," eu officials said wednesday. a second sextuplet born prematurely to a minnesota couple has "died," and the four surviving babies remained in critical "condition," hospital officials said friday. iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad said on sunday that "israel," the """main" instigator of "conflict""" in the middle "east," was on its way to collapse and that regional powers wanted it uprooted. secretary of state colin l. powell met with palestinian leader yasser arafat on sunday under the guns of israeli troops in a day of high diplomatic drama but little tangible progress toward peace apart from a decision to keep talking. powell called the talks ``useful and constructive.'' south korea's top economic minister said wednesday that the worst appeared to be over for the country's economy which was now on the path to recovery. the summer beach party scene could be coming to an end in malibu for you and a brigade of other hollywood b-listers like sean "stewart," jonathan silverman and nicky hilton. terrorism experts are warning that local and state authorities may not have the training or resources to respond to bioterrorism threats that could produce thousands of casualties. a palestinian teenager was shot dead at mid-day saturday and 10 others were injured during clashes with israeli security forces at erez crossing between israel and gaza "strip," according to palestinian medical sources.               
475 "australia," who elected to "bat," reached 210 for nine off 48 overs against west indies in the fourth one-day international here on wednesday. elephants emerged safer and tigers won a vote of "support," but sharks and corals failed to win protection at a two-week wildlife trade conference that ended friday. british adventurer roz savage sets out monday from the remote island nation of kiribati on the final stage of her epic journey to be the first woman to row across the pacific. for "years," feminist politicians have proudly displayed bumper stickers "saying," ``a woman's place is in the house _ and the senate.'' peace moves by india and pakistan could stall unless the two sides make progress on the key issue of "kashmir," pakistani president pervez musharraf said wednesday. israel's decision to close its doors to asylum-seekers from darfur and all other non-jewish refugees has israelis and jews around the world struggling with their distinct identities of israel: a jewish state with a jewish "people," or alternately a state born from the holocaust with a determination to challenge amerada hess corp. said tuesday it will pay $2.70  billion for triton energy "ltd.," an independent oil-exploration company with operations off the coast of west africa. secretary general of the arab league (al) esmat abdel-meguid here saturday praised the unanimous islamic position on the palestinian issue achieved ahead of sunday's islamic summit.                         
476 there is increasing evidence that us economic growth is "slowing," but not enough to be sure that this is the "case," federal reserve governor janet yellen said wednesday. arab nations threw their support behind the leadership of moderate palestinian president mahmoud "abbas," but also urged an immediate halt to infighting so that the unity of palestinian lands can be preserved. up to a million poles were expected to fill the streets of krakow sunday for the funeral of president lech "kaczynski," even as travel problems kept many international leaders away. "portland," ore. - on another "day," in another "setting," this would all be of great concern. the rainstorm of "3-pointers," the hailstorm of stuffed bill walton dolls ... the inexcusable mistakes and the inexplicable occurrences. kyrgyzstan's prime minister nikolai tanayev left wednesday for the southern city of osh to hold talks with demonstrators who have taken over government buildings there in protest of a disputed parliamentary "poll," ria novosti reported. the federal government is expected this week to award a contract worth more than $1  billion to build the key components of its next-generation air traffic control system -- a high-tech network that officials say will alleviate chronic flight delays. police have asked rep. gary condit to take a lie detector test and submit a dna "sample," and they plan to search his apartment for clues to the whereabouts of chandra "levy," washington police chief charles ramsey said tuesday. ugandan army commander jeje odongo has denied the allegations that its people's defence forces (updf) had
477 us secretary of state warren christopher will host a ceremony thursday marking the first anniversary of the accords forming a moslem-croat federation in "bosnia-hercegovina," the state department said. a rocket carrying an intelligence-gathering payload for the u.s. department of defense launched "successfully," a day after technical problems caused a delay. millions of people faced worsening travel chaos sunday as a volcanic ash cloud from iceland moved further south and "east," forcing european countries to extend flight bans into next week. harvey "quaytman," an abstract "painter," died last monday in manhattan. he was 64 the cause was "cancer," said his art "dealer," david mckee. forest fires in malaysia enveloped the capital in a smoky haze as visibility at the kuala lumpur international airport dropped to two kilometres (1.24 "miles)," officials said wednesday. fairfax "county," "va.," school officials determined that seung hui cho suffered from an anxiety disorder so severe that they put him in special education and devised a plan to help "him," according to sources familiar with his "history," but virginia tech was never told of the problem. the arkansas supreme court says it will automatically review death row cases even if the condemned inmate doesn't want anyone to try to save his life. new "york," november 10 (xinhua) -- following are the standings of national basketball association teams after friday's games ( tabulate under "wins," "losses," winning "percentage," games behind first place):                      
478 depleted bayern munich hung on to grab a european cup semi-final berth against ajax amsterdam after drawing 2-feb at ifk gothenburg in their quarter-final return leg on wednesday. the head of the southeast asian terrorist group jemaah islamiyah was arrested along with his military "chief," police "said," in what they called a major breakthrough in the fight against extremists in the world's most populous muslim nation. the young governor of yousef khel district in eastern afghanistan takes us army lieutenant marcus smith by the hand and leads him down a slippery slope. a lineup that was questionable at the season's beginning is even more so now after the los angeles dodgers stumbled their way through another dismal offensive evening. they fell to san diego jan-00 sunday at qualcomm "stadium," marking the third time they were shut out in 12 games. eu and iranian officials launched a fresh round of talks here wednesday aimed at obtaining guarantees that tehran is not involved in developing nuclear weapons in return for trade and security rewards. returning 200 years ago from the new world to a europe engulfed by the napoleonic "wars," spanish rear adm. don jose bustamente led a fleet of four frigates to a tragic homecoming. south of portugal's cape st. "mary," british warships spotted the spaniards in october 1804 and ordered them slobodan milosevic's party said tuesdsay that it was pushing for criminal charges against yugoslav government officials and said it also wanted serbia's prime minister charged for his part in the extradition of the former
479 pierre "suard," the embattled head of french telecoms giant alcatel "alsthom," protested his innocence of fraud charges "wednesday," saying his company was being targeted by a destabilization campaign. when will nickelson and his daughter want to spend some quality time "together," they turn on nintendo co.'s wii and play a few rounds of """wii" "sports""" or """mario" party "8.""" china's president hu jintao was flying to the remote northwest region hit by a strong earthquake to guide rescue efforts as the death toll rises to more than "1,400," state-run media reported sunday. "anaheim," calif. - troy percival worked out in the bullpen "sunday," and anaheim angels manager mike scioscia said he threw and looked great. an indonesian housemaid who failed to finish cleaning the house faces amputation of several limbs after being tortured by her angered saudi "boss," a newspaper reported on wednesday. when a woman in the crowd shouted a question about education testing here on "saturday," former senator john edwards made a casual farming quip. the united states is backing israeli demands for the united nations to turn over a videotape that shows the possible kidnappers of three israeli soldiers. spanish crown prince felipe de borbon y grecia left here for home saturday "afternoon," at the end of a six-day visit to china.                                        
480 unexpectedly high producer price and industrial output rises fuelled fears the us economy was "overheated," and that the federal reserve might raise interest "rates," sending blue chips lower wednesday. u.s. nuclear envoy christopher hill says the next round of north korean nuclear disarmament talks could be held in early july. us president barack obama and vice president joe biden will lead mourners on sunday at a memorial service in west virginia for the dead of the worst us mining tragedy in decades. digital video recorders are the rage. the picture is "better," and units like the replay tv _ which uses a hard disk instead of videotape _ have features not available with old-fashioned vcrs. european union (eu) foreign policy chief javier solana said wednesday that maintaining an arms embargo on china is """unfair""" given the changes in china since it was imposed in 1989 """justice" league of "america""" is exactly the kind of movie warner bros. loves to make. based on the classic dc comics "series," the script is filled with a dream team of recognizable superheroes -- "superman," "batman," wonder "woman," the flash -- and could not only become its own "franchise," a prosecution expert said tuesday that a former ku klux klansman is faking mental problems and is competent to stand trial for the 1963 church bombing that killed four black girls. a total of 2.2 billion euros ( 1.87 billion u.s. dollars) of investments departed from portugal's stock-market from january to august this "year," according to a report released by bank
481 "israel," egypt and jordan have agreed to a joint pollution monitoring scheme in the gulf of "aqaba," the northern finger of the red "sea," officials announced thursday. radical cleric muqtada al-sadr called saturday on iraqi shiites to gather next month at the askariya shrine that was bombed by suspected sunni militants this week for the second time in 16 months. several dozen gun-toting activists rallied monday in a small national park near washington dc to issue dire warnings that the united states could face civil war unless big government stops eating away at their rights. these feature stories are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. stories are for release "tuesday," april "16," "2002," unless otherwise embargoed. this budget contains most of our technology stories for the week. a planned new patent law will make india a global research base with more and more multinationals likely to move in to take advantage of its large pool of scientists and cheap "labour," experts said wednesday. from a cramped office on the eastern "shore," researchers laura murray and her "husband," michael "kemp," have spent more than two decades studying the decline of underwater grasses in the chesapeake bay and measuring what that means to the health of the estuary. "no," curt schilling didn't grow 6 inches this week. that was randy johnson out on the mound for the national league to start the all-star game. a relative of the three israeli defense forces (idf) soldiers captured by lebanese hezbollah guerrillas last month has
482 canada is prepared to resume negotiations with the european union over turbot-fishing quotas now that tensions over the seizure of a spanish trawler have been eased with the vessel's release. president gen. pervez musharraf held talks with two senior u.s. diplomats and a top military official saturday amid a growing political "crisis," as the embattled pakistani leader received indications that washington would accept him remaining as president and army chief. romania reopened all of its airspace monday at 1800 gmt and all its airports are "operating," junior transport minister marin anton said. an air china boeing 767-200 plowed into a forested hillside outside pusan "monday," killing at least 115 people. but it was the 39 ``miracle'' passengers who survived who set koreans talking. british foreign secretary jack straw said wednesday his government would veto any bid to end its long-cherished rebate on its contributions to the european union (eu) budget. the resignation of attorney general alberto r. gonzales on monday removes a lightning rod of criticism for the bush "administration," which began looking for a credible replacement who could restore the effectiveness and reputation of the justice department -- and win confirmation without more partisan battles. whether it was the shadows at twilight or the american league's "pitchers," the national league's best hitters looked nothing like that in the all-star game tuesday night. eight people were arrested for illegal possession of highly radioactive rods in "kochi," a coastal city about "2,600" kilometers southwest of "here," the press trust of india (pti) reported on sunday. 
483 president hafez al-assad's air force is """weak""" and """relatively" "outdated""," a senior israeli military officer specialised in syria told thursday's jerusalem post. the remains of 13 members of an iraqi tae kwon do team kidnapped last year have been found in western "iraq," police and hospital officials said saturday. the turkish parliament monday began debating fiercely disputed constitutional changes that critics say will weaken the judiciary and consolidate the government's grip on power. the frontier times museum in "bandera," "texas," 40 miles northwest of san "antonio," has lost its "head," but workers there swear they will find "it," no matter how long it takes. taiwan's export orders in february fell to 16.19 billion us dollars from 18.42 billion us dollars the previous "month," the economic ministry said wednesday. a washington post article about california's efforts to overhaul its health-care system incorrectly said that the state children's health insurance program (schip) provides medicaid coverage for uninsured children in low-income working families. the two programs are different. medicaid pays medical bills for very-low-income children and pregnant women. schip provides david "lander," best known for playing squiggy on the sitcom ``laverne & "shirley,''" says he sometimes faked being drunk to hide his multiple sclerosis. fourth seed bao chunlai of china beat fifth seeded indonesian sony dwi kuncoro "7-1,7-5," "1-7," 5-jul to win the men's singles title at the world junior badminton championships here on sunday.                       
484 lawyers for a filipina maid set to hang at dawn here friday were preparing a stay-of-execution demand to present new evidence after a clemency appeal by philippine president fidel ramos was rejected. rival political groups clashed with gunfire and crude bombs in eastern india following a dispute over the communist state government's plans to acquire farmers' land to build "factories," police said saturday. the us military will end its disaster relief mission in haiti around june "1," nearly six months after sending in thousands of troops in the wake of a devastating earthquake that killed an estimated "220,000" "people," a senior officer said monday. every scandal has its own vocabulary. today's column is not about scandal; it reports and judges only the vocabulary. in the current anger and agony roiling the catholic "church," here are some of the words that should be used and pronounced with care: three people were killed and three wounded in a bomb blast in a christian area north of here early "wednesday," lebanese police "said," adding that two of the dead were indian nationals. a washington post article about photographs from sudan obtained by amnesty international incorrectly referred to a russian-made helicopter as an "mi-7," rather than an "mi-17," purportedly shown in the town of geneina in darfur. the information came from a news release that was subsequently corrected by the human rights a judge denied a request tuesday by clem haskins' attorney to delay a civil trial against the former minnesota basketball coach for a third time. a world
485 higher profit margins and increased sales have outstripped lower interest rates and cost cutting measures as the key reasons for higher profits among big australian "companies," analysts said thursday. a roman catholic priest has been appointed the government's chief negotiator in peace talks with muslim separatist rebels in the southern philippines after his predecessor "resigned," officials said saturday. brazil is to ask indonesia to spare the lives of two brazilian drug smugglers sentenced to "death," justice minister luiz paulo barreto said monday after talks with his indonesian counterpart. sampling the local food and wine is one of the joys of "travel," and many tourists find themselves tempted to put that serrano ham or caribbean papaya into their luggage and take it back to the united states. yet smuggling prohibited foods can result in a hefty fine. even president askar akayev of kyrgyzstan fired key law enforcement figures in his government on "wednesday," as opposition supporters stepped up their protests over a contested parliamentary poll in the central asian nation. the city's troubles long predate iran's current government. like those in failing textile towns around the "world," ghaemshahr's aging mills found themselves ill-equipped in a globalized world to compete with cheap labor and materials from asia. "worse," eight years of war with iraq in the 1980s saw much of pinni suri remembers the scene exactly though 11 years have passed. dawn had just broken when two teen-agers knocked on the front door of her home in the kashmir "valley," where her hindu ancestors had lived for
486 twenty have been killed and several wounded in inter-ethnic clashes in northern ghana since "sunday," a toll published by the government said here thursday. a top militant leader returned to nigeria's oil heartland saturday after a year and a half in "prison," and said he would continue his struggle to bring more petroleum funds to the impoverished region where africa's biggest producer pumps its crude. having seen his team create a plethora of chances in destroying arsenal in the previous "round," barcelona coach pep guardiola insists his team won't have things so easy against inter milan. summerlike warmth and humidity will cover a large area from the mississippi valley to the atlantic seaboard. record high temperatures for the date will be set at many locations from the upper midwest to the northeastern states. strong high pressure extending to "30,000" feet over the eastern states will european commission president jose manuel barroso called wednesday on the french people to """show" their commitment to "europe""" when they vote in a referendum on the first ever european constitution on may 29 although washington has made the readiness of iraqi forces a key benchmark of "progress," the baghdad government is still failing to supply iraqi commanders in this northern city with adequate equipment to go it "alone," u.s. commanders say. west virginia residents seeking help from devastating flooding instead encountered looters who rummaged through the debris and gawkers who snapped pictures of the twisted wreckage. the ninth summit of the organization of the islamic conference (oic) opened here sunday
487 congress and political leaders rallied behind president carlos menem in his hour of grief for the loss of his only son in a helicopter crash. president gen. pervez musharraf held talks with two senior u.s. diplomats and a top military official saturday amid a growing political "crisis," as the embattled pakistani leader received indications that washington would accept him remaining as president and army chief. our story scheduled for 1700 gmt has been delayed. a new time will be announced on our upcoming news advisory at 1900 gmt. tens of thousands of people flocked to the capitol on monday to show their support for israel and to boo an administration official who spoke of the palestinians as well the israelis who have died in recent weeks. the ruling socialist party in portugal has proposed holding a referendum on whether to decriminalize abortion in the staunchly catholic "country," where a similar measure narrowly failed seven years ago. kara keyes bought the black-and-white pit bull as a puppy five years "ago," intended as a valentine's day gift for her husband. but the dog -- named crown for the c #name? mark on her head -- soon came to adore keyes. as they move into their 40s and "50s," the baby boom generation is finding itself increasingly sandwiched between people needing its care _ aging parents on one "side," children and grandchildren on the other. the drama of the hijacking of a russian airliner ended peacefully on "sunday," chief of general staff of israel defense force (idf) shaul
488 picabo street of the united "states," who won her sixth world cup downhill here on "wednesday," was badly hurt in a fall in thursday's super giant slalom. pope benedict xvi told a visiting cypriot orthodox leader saturday that he holds firm hope that the catholic and orthodox churches can be "united," despite centuries of painful division. marco fu was the first significant name to fall in the world championship after the hong kong star squandered an 6-aug lead to lose his first-round tie with martin gould 9-oct on monday. these sports stories for release "tuesday," april "16," "2002," are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. russia on wednesday criticized eu's foreign policy chief javier solana for what it said was an """incorrect" "assessment""" of the crisis in "kyrgyzstan," saying that it could lead to an escalation of tensions in the former soviet nation. for "years," timothy f. geithner has worked behind the scenes as a policymaker during times of financial chaos. as a senior official in the treasury "department," he helped shape the clinton administration's response to the asian markets' collapse. as they move into their 40s and "50s," the baby boom generation is finding itself increasingly sandwiched between people needing its care _ aging parents on one "side," children and grandchildren on the other. the peaceful unification of china association of new zealand was established sunday in "auckland," the biggest and most populous city of new zealand.            
489 villagers in the central vietnamese village of son my held a sombre meeting thursday to mark the anniversary of the """my" "lai""" massacre when us troops went on the "rampage," killing more than 500 people. dozens of palestinians converged on the erez crossing with israel on "saturday," trying to leave the gaza strip following hamas' takeover. the white house monday cast doubt on iran's claims that it had picked sites for new enrichment "plants," saying tehran's rhetoric did not always match the reality of its nuclear program. israeli prime minister ariel "sharon," waging a fight for world "opinion," said monday that israeli troops would withdraw within a week from all palestinian cities on the west bank _ with the key exceptions of ramallah and bethlehem. the dollar firmed against the euro and yen on "wednesday," the day after the us federal reserve raised its key interest rate by a quarter point to 2.75 "percent," coupled with a hawkish statement on inflation. way before michael vick got popped and became the scorned symbol of organized "dogfighting," bobby j. brown spent years penetrating the secret society vick inhabited. with cameras that resembled pagers and a microphone fastened to his "zipper," brown made a remarkable documentary on this underground subculture. four firefighters were killed while battling a wildfire in a rugged area of the north "cascades," and another was hospitalized in serious condition. more than "86,280" workers nationwide lost their jobs in the first eight months of this year as a result of factory closures and retrenchment brought
490 leading french presidential candidate jacques chirac gave a personal commitment in support of euopean monetary union on thursday but qualified this with a call for a """real" national "debate""" on a single currency. the leader of thailand's military-installed government offered saturday to negotiate with ousted prime minister thaksin "shinawatra," as authorities boosted security amid fears that his disenfranchised supporters could turn violent. fraud charges leveled against wall street titan goldman sachs show the need to pass a sweeping bill imposing new rules on the financial "industry," the measure's lead author in the us senate said monday. ``de vez en "cuando," siento que simplemente deberia desconcertar por completo a la "gente,''" dice sandra "bullock," riendo. ``siento como si deberia ser realmente malvada durante unos 30 segundos y hacerlas decir: "`caray," ella no es tan agradable como parece.' india's largest carmaker maruti said wednesday it will set up a series of driving schools to improve road safety in a country where more than "100,000" people die in road accidents each year. the alarm squawked at 05:30 a.m. it was sweden in "july," which made it less painful than it might have been. but still. the sun was already rising high over the baltic "sea," turning the puffy clouds pale pink and creamsicle orange after just four hours of darkness. i breaking a deadlock in burundi peace "efforts," the country's political parties have agreed to let president pierre buyoya lead the government for 18 "months," former south african president nelson mandela said. most passengers of the tu-154 "airliner,"
491 plo chief yasser arafat is scheduled to meet us vice president al gore next week in the self-rule enclave of "jericho," the palestinian leader's spokesman said thursday. hundreds of fatah gunmen on saturday stormed hamas-controlled institutions across the west "bank," seeking revenge for the islamic group's takeover of the gaza "strip," while hamas forces blew up the home of a prominent fatah family and deployed at strategic locations to solidify their control of gaza. a new un special envoy to burundi arrived in the central african country on "monday," following on from a string of predecessors who were kicked out for allegedly being close to the opposition. the obesity warnings are everywhere. the centers for disease control and prevention says that with 35 percent of americans overweight and 27 percent "obese," obesity ``has risen at an epidemic rate during the past 20 years.'' an application by a local gay christian support group to hold a concert in april has been rejected because it will promote a homosexual "lifestyle," a singapore government agency said wednesday. south korean negotiators and taliban leaders have reached an agreement that will allow for the release of 19 hostages from a south korean church who have been held captive by afghan insurgents for nearly six "weeks," officials in afghanistan said tuesday. gay and lesbian advocates want more detailed figures of same-sex partner households to be released after the census bureau cautioned against comparing 2000 data with the 1990 count. a delegation of the national people's congress of "china," led by li
492 mclaren mercedes will decide later thursday if world champion nigel mansell will miss the first two grands prix of the 1995 season because his hips are too wide for him to be comfortable in their new car. after yet another "assassination," lebanon's anti-syrian politicians accuse damascus of trying to end their rule by killing members of the parliament majority one by one. rafael nadal's bid for a second straight week of tennis history was torpedoed monday as the tiring spaniard admitted defeats in a war with his embattled "body," saying he was too fatigued to compete for a second week on the clay. it's 1 in the afternoon on times "square," and hundreds of screaming teen-age girls have gathered outside the studio where mtv's ``total request live'' is taped. when today's guest star appears in the window and "waves," the fans burst into high-pitched squeals of delight. the eu and iran opened a new round of nuclear talks "wednesday," with iran threatening to pull out if europe continues to insist that it abandon enrichment of "uranium," the key ingredient in an atomic bomb. choosing a new attorney general will be easy if president bush follows a simple rule: look for the opposite of alberto r. gonzales. north korea's no. 2 leader arrived in hanoi on wednesday seeking to bolster ties strained after vietnam established diplomatic relations with rival south korea in 1992 apec foreign ministers and ministers responsible for trade sunday reviewed this year's activities in areas such as non-tariff "measures," customs procedures and competition
493 french presidential hopeful jacques chirac said here thursday he might resume nuclear testing in the pacific quickly if elected in "may," in a speech outlining his foreign policy program. deposed prime minister ismail haniyeh of hamas on saturday appointed a new security "command," replacing commanders loyal to moderate palestinian president mahmoud "abbas," a spokesman said. austrian cab drivers wanting to cash in on the closure of much of europe's airspace in recent days are charging passengers astronomic prices to get them to their destinations via road instead of plane. ``beauty and the beast'' are the words dennis franz uses to describe the budding romance between "coarse," cranky det. andy sipowicz (franz) and "blue-eyed," blond det. connie mcdowell (charlotte ross) on ``nypd blue.'' malaysia's central bank wednesday unveiled plans to set up investment banks to strengthen the sector and the relaxation of operational restrictions on foreign banks amid industry liberalisation moves. we have come upon a crime "scene," two victims down in the plaza. we check on the injuries: one victim has been stabbed in the "side," the other hit on the head with a rock. there is lots of blood. the emergency medical technicians (emts) quickly put on gloves with sharpshooters stationed on "rooftops," troops leveling guns from sandbagged windows and armored vehicles rumbling under the protection of a hovering helicopter "gunship," jamaica's opposition leader surveyed the scene. """polling" has begun smoothly in 36 "centers,""" ram niwas "mirdha," chairman of the specially-created congress central election "authority," told the media here this morning.   
494 china's top students are leaving the country in ever greater "numbers," with the worsening brain drain threatening research work in the country's universities and "institutes," a report said thursday. abbas aide says president told by u.s. that aid embargo on palestinians to be lifted if new government has no ministers with hamas ties. lava is shooting for the first time from iceland's erupting volcano and the ash cloud has dramatically "reduced," a helicopter pilot told afp on monday after flying over the crater. farmers insurance "group," the second-largest carrier operating in "texas," agreed monday to reimburse about $15  million to some of its lone star state policyholders because of billing errors that had gone undetected for a decade. for centuries the japanese have dwarfed trees in bonsai gardens which gained fame around the world. now the delicate art is undergoing a revolution of sorts with some inspiration from latin "music," extraterrestrials and the realities of cramped apartments. israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas discussed in broad terms tuesday the issues most important to the creation of a palestinian state in advance of a u.s.-sponsored peace conference proposed for this fall. with the focus on favorite beijing and rivals paris and "toronto," life is a little lonely for the turkish and japanese underdogs bidding to stage the 2008 olympics. in "milwaukee," chauncey billups had 31 points and nine assists and kevin garnett added 22 and 11 rebounds as the timberwolves snapped a three-game skid with a 103-92 victory over the struggling
495 iran on thursday denounced as """illegal""" president bill clinton's ban on us companies developing its oil industry but said it would be able to find other partners in europe or japan. president mahmoud abbas has been informed by the u.s. that an international aid embargo will be lifted if his new government has no ministers with hamas "ties," an abbas aide said saturday. us vice president joe biden said monday that al-qaeda has suffered """devastating" "blows""" with the killings of its top leaders in iraq in a joint us-iraqi military operation. byron r. "white," the football legend who became one of the longest serving justices of the u.s. supreme "court," died monday in a denver nursing home of complications of pneumonia. he was 84 years old. he retired from the court nine years ago and was the only living former india is ready to spend up to 25 billion dollars on overseas oil and gas ventures to meet spiralling "demand," oil minister mani shankar aiyar said wednesday. excerpts from a recent washington post online reader chat with jeff "goodell," author of """big" coal: the dirty secret behind america's energy "future.""" "goodell," a rolling stone contributing "editor," discussed the environmental and safety problems the coal industry is struggling with even as it promotes itself as an oil michael campbell is threatening to boycott the new zealand open because ticket prices have soared as organizers bid to recoup $2  million in appearance money demanded by tiger woods. china held a series of activities this morning in "beijing,"
496 police on thursday asked the philippines justice department to file murder charges against antonio "kho," a legislator who they linked to a conspiracy to kill congressman tito espinosa last month. airbus chief louis gallois has hit back at his american rival's claim that designers are still working on the revamped a350 "xwb," saying customers would not have gambled on the "midsize," long-range plane if they didn't know what they were getting. european governments opened up the continent's airspace to new flights from tuesday giving hope to hundreds of thousands of passengers around the world trapped by a cloud of volcanic ash crippling airlines. it is hard to tell exactly how sad this story is. just two years short of its 100th "birthday," the national child labor "committee," an organization founded to draw attention to the problem of child labor and ultimately to end "it," has lost just about everything it ever had: perched in the foothills of the volcanic mountains that separate northwest rwanda from the democratic republic of "congo," rosamund carr's vibrant garden has thrived through some of central africa's worst atrocities. the "logs," posted on the santa monica police department w eb "site," said the attempted suicide call came in at around noon. the log does not identify wilson specifically. but santa monica fire department officials have already confirmed that their paramedics and police officers responded to the actor's house japan's benchmark stock index closed at a new four-month low "wednesday," hurt by earnings warnings from u.s. companies and the overnight decline on
497 share prices here edged higher in early trading on "thursday," with dealers reporting very little activity before a meeting of the policy- making council of the bundesbank "which," they "said," might cut german interest rates. construction workers in northern germany have voted to go on strike after employers rejected a proposed wage "settlement," their union said "saturday," clearing the way for the industry's first major walkouts in five years. azerbaijan on monday cancelled planned joint military exercises with the united states amid increasing tensions between washington and the energy-rich former soviet republic. a small group of environmentalists and other activists will rally tuesday to urge congress to turn back a bush administration decision to store highly radioactive waste from commercial nuclear power plants inside nevada's yucca mountain. although at first glance london's residential streets resemble an endless urban "sprawl," behind the brick facades lurks a passion for plants and gardening that puts most other cities to shame. excerpts from a recent washington post online reader chat with e. """bud""" "cummins," u.s. attorney for the eastern district of "arkansas," who served for six years before resigning in 2006 upon learning that tim "griffin," a former aide to white house adviser karl "rove," was to replace him. cummins it came as no surprise the most entertaining moment of the all-star game involved a sawed-off bat sailing down a baseline. what was surprising is that it had nothing to do with roger clemens facing mike piazza yet again. nearly "1,000" ophthalmologists from more than 30 countries gathered here
498 former president ronald reagan's longtime presbyterian pastor donn moomaw resigned in 1993 because he had """sexual" "contact""" with five "women," the church said late wednesday. a police officer and two civilians were killed by unidentified gunmen in a southern russian region near "chechnya," officials said saturday. iceland's eyjafjoell volcano has started spewing out less "ash," a sign the eruption could be tapering off and that europe's air traffic nightmare could be coming to an "end," experts said monday. hewlett-packard co. said monday that two federal agencies were looking into its relationships with investment banks that cast crucial votes in its attempted merger with compaq computer corp. kosovo's parliament on wednesday elected bajram kosumi as the country's new prime "minister," to replace ramush haradinaj who resigned earlier this month following his war crimes indictment. president bush played down the failure of the iraqi government to meet political benchmarks set by the u.s. "congress," telling the american legion tuesday morning that it makes no sense to ignore real military progress despite the iraqi government's failure to approve all the laws it promised. russian riot police swiftly broke up a protest wednesday by tibetan demonstrators objecting to china's bid to be host of the 2008 summer olympics. following are the latest facts and figures about china's main import commodities from the u.s. from january to september this "year," released by the general administration of customs:                       
499 per-ulrik johansson pulled out of the portuguese golf open just before he was due to tee off at penha "longa," near "estoril," on thursday. president mahmoud abbas has been informed by the u.s. that an international aid embargo will be lifted as soon as he forms a new government without "hamas," aides to abbas said saturday. the next edition of the volvo "race," the world's most gruelling offshore yachting "event," will depart "alicante," spain in november "5," 2011 and arrive in "galway," ireland around july "1," "2012," organisers said monday. the bush administration on monday confronted rising oil prices and a need to repair ties with latin american allies following the surprise restoration of leftist president hugo chavez to power in venezuala. central japan's aichi "region," cradle of the samurai and silent force of the nation's "economy," will be under a rare global spotlight that could help it grow even further when it hosts the world exposition which opens friday. excerpts from a recent washington post online reader chat with suzanne "d'amato," deputy editor of the post's sunday source "section," and janet bennett "kelly," washingtonpost.com fashion and beauty editor. in this "chat," they discuss all things denim. triple-a all-star game at victory "field," "indianapolis," indiana (8:08 p.m. edt). top minor league prospects from the international league and pacific coast league compete. following are the latest facts and figures about china's main import commodities from canada from january to september this "year," released by the general administration of customs:       
500 two miners were killed in a rockfall at a south african gold mine south of here early "wednesday," a spokesman for mine owners anglo american said thursday. palestinian president mahmoud abbas on saturday rejected a request by the head of the arab league to meet with the supreme hamas "leader," khaled "mashaal," an abbas aide said. barcelona claimed monday that inter milan will have an unfair advantage in the champions league semi-final first leg because the holders have had to make the long trip to italy by coach. from homer to "hemingway," sun tzu to "churchill," humans have been fascinated by the violence and "plotting," the heroism and "sacrifice," the epic theater of what dryden called ``the trade of kings'' _ war. opposition politicians will field a protest candidate in hong kong's upcoming rubber-stamp leadership election in a bid to expose the lack of democracy in the "city," they said wednesday. let's call this the summer of hbo's head-scratching endings. we started in june with tony soprano's sudden "cut-to-black," then continued with the impenetrable conclusion of """john" from "cincinnati,""" and "now," just in time for labor "day," we have the season finale of """big" "love,""" which was firing on all salt lake city's chief olympic organizer made an extraordinary plea wednesday for the ioc to consider beijing's bid to host the 2008 games on its technical merits and not be swayed by critics of china's human-rights policies. following are the latest facts and figures about china's main import commodities from australia from january to september
501 scott "wilson," salford's recent australian "signing," walked out on the club here on thursday -- just three days after gary jack's resignation as boss. a british soldier was killed in a road accident near basra on "saturday," the ministry of defense said in a statement. nigeria is working hard to free two germans abducted in the southeastern state of "abia," an official said "monday," adding that the two men had taken unnecessary risks by travelling to the restive area. defense secretary donald rumsfeld on monday downplayed hopes that the provisional government in afghanistan will be able to unify the country any time soon amid signs of continuing fighting among rival warlords. the inhabitants of "kaslik," a christian opposition bastion shaken by a fatal overnight bomb "blast," were convinced wednesday that syria and its lebanese agents ar (yards). anxious shop owners were picking up the pieces while asian workers cleared the street and sidewalk. neither side announced any breakthroughs after the two-hour "meeting," held at olmert's residence. olmert and abbas talked mostly in private. more than 200 u.s. soldiers and airmen from germany and italy parachuted into kosovo as part of ``rapid guardian "ii,''" a training exercise designed to demonstrate how quickly nato can reinforce its presence in the yugoslav province. following are the latest facts and figures about china's main import commodities from new zealand from january to september this "year," released by the general administration of customs:                 
502 with "2,649" "practitioners," singapore has one lawyer per "1,000" "citizens," with more coming in from hong kong to join the "fray," a business times poll showed thursday. an afghan employee of an italian aid group who was detained by the government for three months -- prompting the group to suspend its activities in afghanistan -- was ordered "freed," the aid group emergency said saturday. an international conference will take place in kabul on july 20 to demonstrate support for afghanistan's "government," us envoy richard holbrooke said monday. atlanta - the ``floodgate'' of first-quarter corporate earnings reports opened monday on wall street with disappointing results. both blue chip and technology indexes dropped closer to lows last seen in late february. republic of ireland manager brian kerr is confident that goalkeeper shay given will be fit for his side's world cup qualifier in israel on saturday. riots broke out during a religious festival in the holy city of karbala "tuesday," prompting the evacuation of hundreds of thousands of shiite pilgrims and leaving 28 people "dead," police said. a former nurse pleaded innocent wednesday to charges that he killed an 89-year-old woman by injecting muscle relaxant into her body at a hospital in northern japan. following are the latest facts and figures about the mainland's main import commodities from taiwan province from january to september this "year," released by the general administration of customs:                        
503 a south korean government mission will ask japan to push back plans to resume normalization talks with north "korea," officials announced thursday. soldiers in scarlet tunics and bearskin hats marched in formation saturday -- a showcase of britain's best pomp and pageantry -- to celebrate the birthday of queen elizabeth ii. the head of qatar airways complained monday that the carrier was losing 5.5 million dollars a day due to flight bans imposed in europe because of volcanic ash clouds. it was 11 minutes after 2 on a gray patriots day afternoon when an already beleaguered red sox closer named ugueth urbina let loose with a 2-mar change-up to the yankees' john vander "wal," with the tying run at third "base," the lead run at second and fenway park eu leaders rallied round french president jacques chirac on wednesday calling for a revision of controversial eu economic reform plans which are fueling anti-eu sentiment in france ahead of a crucial vote. rising from a familiar morass of ninth ward wreckage is a cluster of "modest," brightly-painted new homes. more are being built every day by a seemingly endless workforce of out-of-town volunteers. a german businessman accused of breaking a u.s. arms embargo against iran was being held without bond after waiving extradition to new york. israeli prime minister ehud "barak," who was in london on his way to "washington," has decided to return home after a hijacked russian passenger plane landed in israel earlier sunday.          
504 almost "50,000" """boat" "people""" in southeast asian refugee camps were given notice thursday to return home within nine months by donor countries who decided they no longer qualified for international aid. indianapolis motor speedway ceo tony george and formula one boss bernie ecclestone met again saturday without reaching an agreement to extend the contract of the u.s. grand prix at indy. the us government said monday that toyota had agreed to pay a record 16.4 million dollar fine for concealing gas pedal defects but continued to face investigations on the issue. a bill that would discourage the use of stock options as compensation has generated a fierce battle between executives who see a serious threat to their bottom lines and senators determined to end what they call an enron-era abuse. a large majority of the kyrgyz population was dissatisfied with president askar akayev six months before the disputed parliamentary election that sparked unrest in the former soviet "republic," according to an opinion poll published on wednesday. and his fellow republicans should push craig out -- not just out of his committee leadership "assignments," but out of the senate altogether -- if this confessed criminal won't go. in the wake of former florida rep. mark foley's alleged pedophilia -- and confirmed inappropriate contact with boys -- with his nike "endorsements," rich salary and 7-foot-1 "frame," the dallas mavericks' wang zhizhi makes an imposing advertisement for beijing's olympic bid. construction on a section of expressway in east china's shandong "province," one of china's coastal economic "giants," was
505 one of the best known names in the advertising industry worldwide disappeared on thursday when shareholders at saatchi and saatchi voted to change the name to cordiant. less than a week after robert kubica credited formula one's safety improvements for helping him escape a frightening crash at the canadian grand prix with only a slight concussion and a sprained "ankle," aguri suzuki also was praised the changes. the fraud charges leveled against top wall street bank goldman sachs illustrate the need for europe to act firmly to regulate the murky world of "derivatives," a senior eu official said on monday. key lime pie 1 4-jan cups graham cracker crumbs 2-jan cup packed brown sugar 4 tablespoons "butter," melted 1 (14-ounce) can sweetened condensed milk 2-jan cup bottled key lime juice (or use fresh-squeezed persian lime juice) 5 egg yolks 6 egg whites 1 cup granulated sugar 1 lime like nearly all the children at a camp for the war displaced "here," 13-year-old beatrice tells bloodcurdling stories of atrocities committed during uganda's long-running civil conflict. gentle "reader," by now you've probably read more than you ever nightmared you'd want to know about the latest republican gay-sex scandal. the revelation that idaho sen. larry craig was caught allegedly trolling for sex in a minnesota airport men's room in june comes on the heels of florida nebraska kicker josh brown pleaded no contest to misdemeanor assault charges wednesday and was fined $350  for a fight last month with another student. a new strain of "wheat," with a "9,000-kilogram"
506 russian warplanes extended their bombing campaign into eastern chechnya on thursday after ground troops advanced towards the chechen rebel headquarters of shali supported by artillery barrages. humberto suazo scored the lone goal in the second half and colo colo defeated palestino jan-00 saturday to win the chilean apertura first-division title and its 26th league crown. liverpool's spanish striker fernando torres is confident that he will to recover from knee surgery in time for the world cup in south africa. whether eating at moderate or inexpensive "restaurants," readers continue to request copycat versions of selections ordered and enjoyed for re-creation at home. about "1,000" survivors of the nazi concentration camps are expected to gather in eastern germany from april 14-19 to mark the 60th anniversary of their "liberation," an official said on wednesday. """vanity" is the enemy of "comedy,""" declares thomas lennon. """you" can either look awesome or be "funny," but not both. when matthew mcconaughey runs around with his shirt "off," it's not funny. he looks legitimately good. you put mcconaughey in a ladies' "swimsuit," he looks good. not "me.""" weeping widows who lost their husbands and sons in europe's worst massacre since world war ii lashed out wednesday at slobodan milosevic on the sixth anniversary of the slaughter. china's money supply of all kinds in october has maintained appropriate "growth," and with the continued increase in total "loans," the credit structure has been clearly restructured.                   
507 the german bundesbank's central council decided at a thursday meeting closely watched by the markets to leave key interest rates "unchanged," dashing hopes for a looser german monetary policy and pushing the mark higher against most other currencies. three kidnapped u.s. defense contractors and dozens of other hostages held by colombian guerrillas must be swapped for all the guerrillas held in u.s. and colombian "jails," a senior rebel said on saturday. thailand's political stalemate has deepened after clashes earlier this month between security forces and anti-government protesters loyal to ex-premier thaksin shinawatra that left 25 dead. in a major test of china's willingness to maintain free and open markets as a new member of the world trade "organization," the state-run postal monopoly has issued an order that could virtually shut down the operations of united parcel "service," federal express and other express mail companies in attorneys for the parents of a severely brain-damaged florida woman who has spent the past 15 years in a persistent vegetative state said wednesday they would take their efforts to have her feeding tube reinserted to the us supreme court. sarasi "jayaratne," "17," vividly remembers waking up during the december holidays in 2004 at her cousin's house. her large family was in a "panic," and the adults were frantically making phone calls. an independent commission concluded wednesday that usa track & field did not intentionally cover up athletes' positive drug tests but did not follow procedures and was slow to inform authorities about violators. the indonesian navy plans to modernize
508 british pharmaceutical giant glaxo said thursday its takeover bid for rival wellcome was now fully unconditional after obtaining approval of us anti-trust authorities. annika sorenstam edged top-ranked lorena ochoa on saturday in a "$15,000 " "(euro11,250)-a-hold" skins competition at the oceanside tres vidas "course," taking home "$165,000 " "(euro123,900)." an imf team arrived in greece on monday for talks on a debt rescue scheme as doubts over how the government will pay bills in the next few weeks pushed its borrowing rates to penal levels. thanks to a couple of "readers," sherry lapides is in luck. in response to her request for a tortilla soup like the one served at the crocodile cafe "(pasadena," burbank and "glendale," "calif.)," monica neighbors sent along the first recipe from a chef at the cafe that she clipped the european commission rejected as unacceptable on wednesday proposals by us software giant microsoft concerning application of competition measures the commission imposed in march 2004 the keep reading foundation is accepting used books in good condition to send to sri lanka. for "information," e-mail keepread@aol.com. people in poor neighborhoods are more likely than those in well-to-do areas to have heart "attacks," even when individual differences in "income," education and occupation are taken into "account," researchers say. australian stocks slipped into negative territory in afternoon trading to close lower on monday with banking and key resources stocks attracting the sellers.                        
509 worshipped in belfast's catholic quarters where he once fought the british "army," condemned by protestants as a "terrorist," gerry adams friday steps onto the world stage when he meets the president of the united states. landon donovan and carlos bocanegra scored second-half "goals," and the united states survived some sloppy defense late in the game to beat panama 1-feb saturday and advance to the semifinals of the concacaf gold cup. iraqi prime minister nuri al-maliki said on state television on monday that the two leading al-qaeda figures in the country had been killed north of the capital baghdad. two siblings were detained on suspicion of murder in connection with the death of their 6-year-old brother "tuesday," police said. comparing the case to jesus christ's way of the "cross," the vatican on wednesday denounced a us court decision to let a severely brain-damaged woman die as a new painful step in her ordeal. the day before ricky bobby baby jesus was scheduled to die by an injection of "pentobarbital," along came the cookie lady. she brought dog biscuits to the suburban animal shelter. when she saw the yellow labrador -- evicted for feistiness from three homes -- leap to catch a "ball," the valuevision home shopping network will offer refunds to consumers who bought a variety of weight loss and health care products promoted with misleading "claims," the government said. indonesian vice president megawati soekarnoputri will meet with chilean president ricardo lagos in the island resort of bali on monday afternoon (local time) "," a report
510 the milan stock market advanced strongly on thursday as the mibtel index tacked on 1.56 percent on the day to end at "9,664" points. tunisia scored a goal in each half and defeated mauritius feb-00 on "saturday," requiring it only to draw its final match in september to qualify for the african cup of nations. british airways said monday that a test flight to assess the risk of volcanic ash to its planes had found no "problems," showing that a blanket airspace closure was """unnecessary""" and should be lifted. in a major test of china's willingness to maintain free and open markets as a new member of the world trade "organization," the state-run postal monopoly has issued an order that could virtually shut down the operations of united parcel "service," federal express and other express mail companies in irish lock paul o'connell has been banned for two weeks after being found guilty of punching in saturday's six nations match against wales at the millennium stadium. he's been chairman for only eight "months," but already rep. charles "rangel," "d-n.y.," is more than daydreaming about what his official ways and means committee portrait will look like. he knows one thing: it'll be top of the line. in an unusual admission of "responsibility," russia's top military commander in chechnya said wednesday that he regrets his troops' crimes against civilians in house-to-house searches for "rebels," and a kremlin official even suggested the raids would be stopped. a mild earthquake measuring 4 3 on the richter scale jolted banda "aceh,"
511 police found portable telephones during cell searches in belfast's maze "prison," northern ireland minister john wheeler said "thursday," two days after a bloody riot at the top-security jail. a reporter covering the crime beat for mexico's second largest tv network was shot and wounded as he arrived at his home in the capital "saturday," the latest victim in a string of attacks against mexican journalists. poland steeled itself on monday for a return to political wrangling after burying president lech "kaczynski," as hundreds of mourners bid a final farewell at his tomb. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "tuesday," april "16," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com two us and two iraqi soldiers were wounded in a suicide car bombing in the restive northern city of mosul on "wednesday," the us military said in a statement. rep. bob "filner," "d-calif.," says he's going to use his brush with air rage to become active in pushing a passenger bill of rights. his legislative agenda under "attack," president bush urged his republican allies in congress to work with him to open government programs to religious groups and send him a patients' rights bill he can sign. he also emphasized wednesday that he will veto spending bills that are excessive. the house of representatives of the philippines decided monday afternoon to impeach president joseph estrada and send the case to the
512 an angry bernard "tapie," the former president of olympic "marseille," accused the ex-coach of valenciennes here on thursday of lying about a meeting in his office. president alan garcia handed out checks on saturday as compensation to hundreds of communities ravaged by peru's 20-year conflict with the shining path insurgency. all danish airports will remain closed until at least 08:00 am (0600 gmt) tuesday due to the volcanic ash cloud from "iceland," aviation authority naviair "said," adding that flights above "35,500" feet would still be permitted. a new operation to search out and destroy al-qaida and taliban forces is under way in eastern afghanistan involving a sizable contingent of british royal "marines," pentagon officials said on tuesday. us crude oil inventories rose sharply over the past "week," government and industry surveys showed "wednesday," prompting a further retreat from last week's record futures prices. the latest victim of the campaign against dogfighting is rep. scott "garrett," "r-n.j.," who got bitten by an op-ed article in his local "newspaper," the bergen "record," written by michael "markarian," president of the humane society legislative fund. noting that """america" has no tolerance for the cruel and degrading mel gibson is playing a farmer in m. night shyamalan's "``signs,''" which will be filmed outside philadelphia starting in september. the indonesian police (polri) said here monday it was possible that there was a link between the bomb blast in "medan," capital of north sumatra province the day before and sectarian conflicts in the city.        
513 south africa will import enriched uranium from "france," "russia," the european union and the united "states," a senior government official said thursday. derek jeter hit a go-ahead homer and finished with four "hits," alex rodriguez added a home run and the new york yankees beat the slumping mets 8-nov saturday. iceland's eyjafjoell volcano has started spewing out less "ash," a sign the eruption could be tapering off and that europe's air traffic nightmare could be coming to an "end," experts said monday. the last time mitt romney threw his hat into the political "ring," venture capitalists around boston lined up to write checks for his campaign. many of the biggest names (and wallets) in town were behind him. michael schumacher has given ferrari's new car the thumbs up after testing it out for the first time here wednesday. the statement came a day after exiled former prime minister benazir bhutto announced that musharraf had agreed to give up his military uniform as part of a potential power-sharing deal. scientists at eastern virginia medical school have created human embryos from donated eggs and sperm for the sole purpose of harvesting embryonic stem cells for "research," according to a study published wednesday. the 12th ministerial meeting of the asia-pacific economic cooperation (apec) ended here monday with the adoption of a joint statement on sustaining economic growth to raise incomes and reduce poverty in the region.                      
514 the dollar suffered thursday afternoon on the london foreign exchange market after the bundesbank kept its key interest rates "steady," but the greenback rallied later on due to rumors of intervention by the us federal reserve. north korea invited u.n. nuclear inspectors in the first concrete sign of a breakthrough in a stalemate over its nuclear "program," as the transfer of frozen north korean funds at the center of the dispute neared completion. pakistan's president asif ali zardari on monday signed into law sweeping constitutional reforms that strip him of key powers in a move to bolster parliamentary democracy weakened by military rule. these feature stories are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. stories are for release "wednesday," april "17," "2002," unless otherwise embargoed. hot on the heels of the federal reserve's tough new line on inflation came alarming news wednesday that us consumer prices posted their biggest gain in four months in february. by letting workers bypass these now-ubiquitous arbitration "clauses," the ruling probably will add to the high volume of back pay and overtime class-action cases already on court "dockets," experts say. the economy and religious freedom in hong kong were on the agenda for president bush's meeting wednesday with the embattled chief executive of the chinese-ruled territory. a new strain of wheat with a "9," 000-kilogram output per "hectare," now under "research," is expected to be put into production within the next five years.             
515 a williams spokeswoman said later that an announcement about whether mansell will miss the first two races of the season would not be made until friday at the earliest. a leading orthodox archbishop said he promised pope benedict xvi in private talks that he will sound out moscow patriarch alexy ii about prospects for a groundbreaking meeting between the pontiff and the russian orthodox churchman. britain could re-open some of its airspace on tuesday after a """dramatic""" decrease in ash thrown up by a volcano in "iceland," transport minister andrew adonis said. just outside the fruit stand on the corner of north and fleet "streets," boys in pants held up by suspenders played kick the can. peddlers pushed carts brimming with produce and fish on ice. they yelled out in italian accents: fresh fish! get your fresh fish! and the smell as eu leaders battle to shore up french support for the bloc's first ever constitution ahead of a crucial upcoming "referendum," following are key elements of the text that has caused so much fuss. the 40 children and their parents are bound by a confidentiality agreement with cbs' subsidiary magic molehill "productions," and good "tv," inc. that prevents them from speaking to the press without the """consent" of an authorized representative of "cbs.""" according to the participation "agreement," violators must pay $5  million in the biggest settlement of a single police brutality claim in new york "history," the city and the police union have tentatively agreed to pay $9  million to a haitian immigrant
516 nigeria's military "ruler," general sani "abacha," appointed a 36-member cabinet "thursday," more than a month after dissolving the previous "one," his office said. security forces in baghdad have full control in only 40 percent of the city five months into the pacification "campaign," a top american general said as u.s. troops began an offensive against two al-qaida strongholds on the capital's southern outskirts. the european union is prepared to authorise exceptional financial aid to airlines hit by the closure of airspace caused by the volcanic ash "cloud," the eu commission said on monday. in search of the man behind "mitt," i have lunch with the gop gubernatorial candidate and pick up some interesting "information," including this: up until age "5," his nickname was ``billy.'' a dutch prosecutor on wednesday asked for a seven-year prison sentence for a dutch man of moroccan origin accused of planning terrorist attacks against the dutch "parliament," schiphol airport and a nuclear plant. excerpts from washington post online reader chat with gordon "davies," a member of the virginia tech review "panel," which issued a report thursday with new details about seung hui "cho," the troubled senior who in april murdered 32 on campus before killing himself. davies served as director for the harrison ford starred in a search-and-rescue sequel for a missing boy scout in a forest just south of yellowstone national park. the house of representatives of the philippines decided monday afternoon to impeach president joseph estrada and send the case to the senate for trial.    
517 a policeman convicted of the murders of six people thursday implicated two kwazulu-natal provincial ministers in the running of hit squads to kill opponents of the old regime. mahmoud abbas got a major boost in his increasingly bellicose showdown with "hamas," with a u.s. diplomat saying he expects a crippling embargo to be lifted once the palestinian president appoints a government without the islamic militants. britain could re-open some of its airspace on tuesday after a """dramatic""" decrease in ash thrown up by a volcano in "iceland," transport minister andrew adonis said. it's a new twist on ralph ellison's ``invisible "man,''" you might say. only in this "case," it's an invisible woman. kyrgyzstan's new interior minister warned wednesday that authorities could resort to the use of force to restore "order," as the government tried to keep opposition-led protests over a contested election from spreading to the capital. will it be another year of blockbusters in college football? here's some predictions. "1,280" "words," by by eric prisbell (post). moved. fbc-games. a look at the top four college football games this weekend. 860 "words," by peter yoon (times). moved. pro football: fbn-raiders-russell -- the days tick "by," the foreign companies are already salivating about beijing's prospects of winning the 2008 summer "games," helping to underwrite the city's olympic bid as corporations push to establish themselves in the world's largest country. stock prices closed lower in tokyo for the third consecutive trading day "monday," as the uncertain political situation in japan and the united states made investors reluctant
518 air france will show a loss of 3.5 billion francs (700 million dollars) for the 15 months to march "31," company president christian blanc said on thursday. prime minister tony blair committed british troops to iraq even though he despaired at the failure of the united states to plan adequately for the aftermath of the "invasion," a sunday newspaper reported. the landing of the us space shuttle discovery has been delayed until tuesday because of fog and "rain," nasa's mission control said monday. ``you must fly from this "house," from this "place," from this "country," fly immediately _ tonight _ or stay. i have a better plan. my master as yet knows nothing of it. mr. trappe is gone you can go away in open daylight and in your carriage giving out leading european stock markets closed lower on "wednesday," with the london ftse 100 index ending the session on a loss of 0.54 percent at "4,910.40" points. radical shiite cleric moqtada al-sadr told his followers thursday that he would rescind his order """freezing""" the operations of his powerful militia if military raids on his offices did not cease in the next few "days," according to officials of al-sadr's organization. in the biggest settlement of a single police brutality claim in new york "history," the city and the police union have tentatively agreed to pay $9  million to a haitian immigrant tortured in a stationhouse bathroom with a broken "broomstick," the associated press has learned. at least 100 soldiers from the democratic republic of the
519 high-level monetary and economic talks in paris this week failed to produce concrete moves toward tighter policy coordination to restore stability on the foreign "exchanges," as advocated notably by "japan," well-placed european sources said thursday. below is a list of feature stories that the associated press plans to move in the coming week. questions about the stories may be addressed to the north america desk supervisor in new york at 212-621-1650 (fax 212-621-5449 or e-mail amidesk@ap.org) or to individual bureaus in your country or barcelona claimed monday that inter milan will have an unfair advantage in the champions league semi-final first leg because the holders have had to make the long trip to italy by coach. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "tuesday," april "16," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com un chief kofi annan's "son," kojo "annan," received at least "300,000" dollars from a former employer "cotecna," a swiss inspections concern involved in the un oil for food "program," the financial times reported wednesday. washington #name? "angelini," an italian-born businessman of modest origins who settled in chile after world war ii and became one of the world's wealthiest "industrialists," died of the flu and emphysema aug. 28 at catholic university hospital in santiago. he was 93 adding to what was a crowded cal ripken "exhibit," the national baseball hall of fame said wednesday it was getting memorabilia
520 in "general," participants in the talks - which involved top finance and monetary officials of the group of seven (g7) "countries," a broader panel of the organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd) and the group of ten (g10) financial powers - were """obviously""" not happy with the apparent a senior u.s. envoy gave strong backing to the government of pakistani president gen. pervez "musharraf," but balanced it with a call for more democracy amid growing opposition to his eight-year rule. all danish airports will remain closed until at least 08:00 am (0600 gmt) tuesday due to the volcanic ash cloud from "iceland," aviation authority naviair said. a week before he was to close the deal to finance his longtime dream of starting a daily paper "here," seth lipsky got a congratulatory call from his old "boss," wall street journal publisher peter kann. when lipsky replied that congratulations were a bit "premature," kann "responded," ``what could the bulgarian defence ministry has set december 31 as the deadline for all bulgarian troops to leave "iraq," it said in a statement wednesday. two "suspects," identified previously by a moscow newspaper as former surveillance specialists for the moscow "police," were reported to have been released. authorities said a third figure named in the "case," a federal security service "officer," actually had been arrested in an unrelated investigation. a state ``robin hood'' law that requires wealthier school districts to give money to poorer ones was ruled constitutional wednesday by a state judge. the armed forces of angola have recaptured
521 the survival of the croat-moslem federation over the last year was the best proof that peace was possible in the former "yugoslavia," us secretary of state warren christopher said thursday. grenada is preparing to resentence 13 prisoners previously sentenced to death for killings in a 1983 coup that triggered a u.s. invasion. airlines urged governments to reopen routes through the volcanic ash cloud over europe on "monday," branding the flight ban a """european" "mess""" and the economic fallout """greater" than september "11""." if someone offers you a "free," or nearly "free," "trip," be skeptical. but if someone offers you a free travel "publication," why not accept it? eighty-five insurgents were killed tuesday in an assault by iraqi and us forces on a lakeside training camp for baathist and al-qaeda fighters north of "baghdad," iraqi commanders said. the "employees," including senior scientists who have worked on projects from the voyager missions to the cassini mission to saturn "," say they will lose their jobs unless they consent to allow the government to scrutinize such things as their sexual history. rebels in northern congo captured and tortured five health workers taking part in a u.n.-sponsored polio vaccination "campaign," health officials said wednesday. "kenya," tanzania and uganda will meet this week in "arusha," a northern town in "tanzania," to tackle the growing threat of money laundering and drug trafficking in the east african "region," the east african weekly reported monday.                  
522 italy's crisis-ridden popular party (ppi) was on the brink of splitting in two thursday as the movement's left wing prepared to elect a new leader at a national committee meeting boycotted by its rightist faction. landon donovan and carlos bocanegra scored second-half "goals," and the united states survived some sloppy defense late in the game to beat panama 1-feb saturday and advance to the semifinals of the concacaf gold cup. nato operations have not been affected by a cloud of volcanic ash from iceland which has grounded most of europe's civil air "traffic," alliance secretary general anders fogh rasmussen said monday. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "tuesday," april "16," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com the german airline lufthansa hinted on wednesday at a capital increase for its newly acquired "subsidiary," swiss international air "lines," soothing swiss fears about the fate of their former flag carrier. perry's decision to commute the death sentence of "foster," the getaway driver in a 1996 botched robbery that ended in a fatal "shooting," came after the governor received a rare recommendation to do so from the texas board of pardons and paroles. lawmakers defied protests that they were surrendering hong kong's political autonomy to curry favor with beijing and passed a bill wednesday that allows china's government to fire the capitalist enclave's leader. the mongolian government will continue economic renovation in
523 russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin on thursday proposed a three-phase solution to end the three-month-old conflict in "chechnya," starting with the declaration of demilitarised zones. derek jeter hit a go-ahead homer and finished with four "hits," alex rodriguez added a home run and the new york yankees beat the slumping mets 8-nov saturday. india has added almost 100 million people to its list of the "poor," a move that will give a total of 372 million access to state welfare schemes and "subsidies," a government official said monday. maybe a job applicant claims that he earned a bachelor's degree when he was actually one semester shy of graduation. or he boasts of winning an award from a trade group that doesn't exist. police on wednesday handcuffed and led away three children and seven adults who tried to take water into the hospice where brain-damaged terri schiavo is being cared for. he was an important political "figure," arrested for engaging in lewd conduct in a public men's room. "married," with "children," he told no one. instead he pleaded guilty without even hiring a "lawyer," hoping the problem would quietly disappear. french judges investigating a scandal involving cash payments for airline tickets moved a step closer to president jacques chirac on "wednesday," questioning his daughter in the case that dates back to chirac's time as paris mayor. a book based on a cancer patient's "diary," which has recorded the emotions of his last days on "earth," is being printed and will hit the shelves "soon," said monday's
524 italy's popular party (ppi) effectively split into two factions late thursday when the movement's left wing elected a new leader at a national committee meeting here boycotted by its right wing. a former student at the university of "california," riverside was arrested after a homemade firebomb and threatening letters found on campus led to the cancellation of a graduation "ceremony," authorities said. fulham's europa league semi-final first leg with hamburg is to go ahead this week despite the travel chaos engulfing europe as a result of volcanic ash grounding huge numbers of "flights," the english club confirmed on monday. here in the san gabriel "valley," northeast of downtown los "angeles," more than 500 chinese restaurants vie for your business. this is no "worn," "close-packed," inner-city asian neighborhood like those in new york and san "francisco," but a "spacious," "suburban," shopping-center "chinatown," crossed by freeways and punctuated by signs us president george w. bush on wednesday defended his decision to sign legislation aimed at prolonging the life of terri "schiavo," a severely brain-damaged florida "woman," and said he was watching her case as it unfolds. in """death" "sentence,""" kevin bacon may not be the baddest dad who ever cocked a shotgun in the name of his "family," but he's the most insanely inscrutable. brazil's embattled currency set a new intraday low "wednesday," despite central bank attempts in recent days to prop up the ailing real. kenyan paul tergat won his second consecutive world half-marathon championships on "sunday," defeating his competitor by one second in "veracryz," the
525 organisers of the world's most famous dog show came under fire thursday because one of their major sponsors comes from a country where dogs are regularly eaten. a bomb ripped through a police bus in a crowded civilian area in kabul on "sunday," leaving about 30 people dead or "wounded," an official and witnesses said. any decision on reopening air traffic in europe will have safety as its main "consideration," the spanish eu presidency said monday amid airline pressure to ease airspace restrictions. ntl said on tuesday that it had reached an agreement to reorganize itself by converting about two-thirds of its $17  billion in debts into equity and handing over control of the company to bondholders. prosecutors in michael jackson's child sex trial asked wednesday for permission to tell jurors about thousands of erotic pictures found on computers in the star's home. as a record producer turned neuroscientist -- on a first-name basis with stevie wonder and carlos santana -- daniel levitin holds the title of most righteous college professor. (at least until recent astrophysics phd brian may of queen gets a teaching gig.) we caught up with the author of bernard hopkins angered fans of felix trinidad jr. by again throwing the puerto rican flag to the floor wednesday in san juan. china's underdeveloped western regions are to get hand-outs from the asian development bank (adb) in the next few "years," bank sources have confirmed.                  
526 arsenal reached the semi-finals of the european cup winners' cup here on thursday night with a typically "gutsy," though colourless performance in a jan-00 win over auxerre. for more than a "century," archbishop quigley preparatory seminary has prepared teenage boys for the "priesthood," largely unchanged as the city around it transformed from gritty industrial center to modern metropolis. reeling from the death of his identical "twin," polish conservative opposition leader jaroslaw kaczynski is keeping the nation guessing about a potential bid to succeed his late brother as head of state. the russian cellist and conductor mstislav rostropovich is a wondrous teller of anecdotes. many of them concern the composer dmitri "shostakovich," who was a friend. despite his air of uproarious "amiability," rostropovich clings to certain formalities. so shostakovich figures respectfully in these stories as dmitri "dmitriyevich," "or," in rostropovich's the united states and brazil want to strengthen cooperation in fighting terrorism and organized "crime," said us defense secretary donald rumsfeld wednesday. the new building now serves as a "playroom," "office," gym and guest quarters with kitchenette -- all as green as "possible," thanks to salvaged and repurposed "cabinets," insulation made of shredded "denim," bamboo floors and paints free of volatile organic "compounds," or vocs. recycled stone tiles and recycled paper concerned about "protests," officials of the world bank and international monetary fund announced wednesday they would break a 20-year tradition of holding the major session of their annual meetings at a historic uptown hotel. the following are latest facts and figures about china's main import
527 "saib," set up by pascal "vahirua," shot high with a left foot shot as he yet again showed goalscoring instinct after 24 minutes. abby wambach scored twice on headers in the second half to give the u.s. women's team a feb-00 win over china on saturday. an iraqi election panel on monday ordered a manual recount of ballots for the capital baghdad in a move that could affect who becomes the country's next prime "minister," electoral officials told afp. these sports stories for release "wednesday," april "17," "2002," are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. david beckham has issued a warning to wayne rooney about the need to be prudent in his activities off the pitch as police probe an alleged nightclub assault by the manchester united teenager. all fields of criticism have their vernacular. music critics might refer to """sonority," """" shorthand for a "luscious," felt-in-the-breastbone resonance of a performance. shares in newell rubbermaid inc. tumbled nearly 7 percent wednesday after the housewares and consumer products maker warned that its earnings for the second quarter and full year will fall short of estimates. the following are latest facts and figures about china's main import commodities from sweden in the first nine months this "year," released by the general administration of customs:                                      
528 dickson refused to sign the waiver. so did the three defenders. but dickson became the villain in oneaustralia's eyes -- although even without the waiver nzl-39 and oneaustralia will have approximately the same number of new sails in the semi-finals. a bomb ripped through a police bus in a crowded civilian area in the afghan capital on "sunday," killing at least 18 people and wounding more than 35 "others," an official and witnesses said. a senior us official warned monday of potentially serious damage to military jets from volcanic ash after a buildup of glass was found in the engine of a nato fighter plane in europe. it was well past 11 p.m. when i entered espai "sucre," not particularly late for "barcelona," "perhaps," but i had already eaten dinner. the restaurant was "full," diners deep into their "meals," their voices leaping to the high dark "ceiling," then seeping back down. i opened to the main the italian region of abruzzo said wednesday it will name a mountain peak after pope john paul ii on the pontiff's 85th birthday next may. my morning routine includes "coffee," the newspaper and checking the j. crew w eb site for new online exclusives. before i go to "bed," i browse zappos to see exactly how many pairs of those marc jacobs flats are still in stock in my size. (they keep track of a fragmented stock market searched in vain for direction wednesday _ big blue chips "rose," but the broader market was mixed while investors awaited second-quarter
529 nigeria's military ruler general sani abacha thursday gave his first reaction to a failed coup "attempt," calling it """regrettable""" and vowing to accomplish what his regime had set out to do. a gold-plated gun and a pill bottle owned by elvis "presley," an umbrella twirled by marilyn monroe and alfred hitchcock's passport were among items that attracted bidders at an auction. japan's two-time double olympic breaststroke champion kosuke kitajima on monday booked his first berth in an international competition since the 2008 beijing games. in a small "book," amelie "nothomb," a belgian writing in "french," has given us the autobiography of a 3-year-old. it stops there because: ``after "that," nothing more happened.'' the us administration shrugged off bulgaria's announcement wednesday that it planned to pull all of its troops out of iraq by the end of the year. the new 2008 concours 14 comes in a single color that's more appropriate for seattle than southern california . it's gray. "or," as kawasaki calls "it," neutron silver -- a shade that transforms the world's quickest production sport tourer into a bullet-like blur on the street but says nothing rookie michaela pavlickova was activated by the utah starzz on wednesday after going on the disabled list june 21 with a stress fracture in her foot. israeli prime minister ehud barak arrived in washington on sunday for talks with president bill clinton on how to end the six-week bloody clashes between israelis and the palestinians.             
530 bomb experts thursday made safe a device containing suspected semtex in a hardware store in "newry," near the irish "border," after two telephone warnings to "police," a spokesman said. filmmaker michael moore gave people in the rural county where he lives an early look at his new film """sicko,""" and had some harsh words for critics of the documentary that launched his career. explosives being carried by a donkey blew up in the troubled southern afghan city of kandahar on "monday," injuring at least two "people," an official said. type 2 diabetes follows obesity the way birds follow bread "crumbs," practically begging the term ``diabesity'' to be coined as they kept growing in tandem the last two decades. the french economy should grow slightly in the first half of 2005 but unemployment will probably remain stuck at around 10 "percent," a forecast by the national statistics institute insee said thursday. it's the only spot in the u.s. besides new york to have manolo "blahnik," jean paul gaultier and christian lacroix stores. the trendy scoop boutique is at caesars forum "shops," which also has kate spade and emilio pucci stores. ailing companies on germany's neuer "markt," the european equivalent of the tech-heavy "nasdaq," could be removed from the exchange under proposals to tighten up its "rules," an exchange spokeswoman said wednesday. inter milan's website reported sunday that brazilian star striker ronaldo has started running again but a return to action is still a long way off.          
531 real zaragoza beat nine-man feyenoord feb-00 here on thursday night to book their place in the european cup winners' cup semi-finals. president nguyen minh triet will make a state visit to the united states on "monday," the first by a vietnamese head of state since the end of the vietnam war and a symbol of the increasingly close ties between the former foes. british airways said on monday that lost revenue and one-off charges linked to the volcanic ash cloud was costing the group 15-20 million pounds (17-23 million "euros," 23-30 million dollars) a day. transgression is a time-honored practice in the history of art (think of manet's ``olympia'' or duchamp's ``urinal''). in the history of performance "art," especially among female "artists," this urge to break the rules is virtually de rigueur and often involves the artists' naked bodies (lynda benglis photographing herself with the united "states," canada and mexico announced wednesday that they were launching a """security" and prosperity "partnership""" to bolster cooperation against terrorism and other threats while improving trade. dark as pitch -- lies concealed by tangled "roots," mossy rocks and poison ivy. for visitors one recent "saturday," the flashlights of their hard hats blinking like third "eyes," it beckoned with the promise of another world. the british and irish governments admitted wednesday they had failed to defuse the crisis threatening to blow apart northern ireland's catholic-protestant "administration," but said a breakthrough could come when talks resume later this week. former olympic champion denis pankratov of russia won the men's 100 meters
532 the us government reasserted thursday its stand in favour of a strong "dollar," stating that a weak currency would not solve the nation's trade problems. two infants were left at japan's only anonymous drop box for unwanted babies during the past "week," bringing the toll to three in just over a month since it opened at a southern japanese "hospital," media reports said sunday. scandinavian airline sas said on monday it had lost up to 29 million euros (39 million dollars) in just four days of grounded flights owing to a giant cloud of volcanic ash from iceland. it was another friday night at rising stars dance academy "here," and jhanna volynets had taken her usual seat along the "wall," there to watch her "daughter," "nicole," "14," and "son," "ted," "12," practice ballroom dancing along with a roomful of other young couples. sixteen people have drowned in the democratic republic of congo (drc) after a crowded boat capsized on the congo river in the northwest of the "country," local authorities said wednesday. a key factor in these and other cases: "e-zpass," the electronic toll payment system that records when and where the vehicles in question traveled. microsoft "corp.," responding to a recent court ruling that said its competitive practices broke the "law," will change its licensing agreements with computer "manufacturers," allowing them to remove shortcuts to some microsoft products from the windows computer desktop. with a 1-may win at home to las palmas on "sunday," real madrid got back into title contention as rivals barcelona
533 japan's hiro matsushita and us racer parker johnstone will drive thursday's latest additions to the entrants for the indianapolis 500 a bomb ripped through a police bus in a crowded civilian area in the afghan capital on "sunday," killing more than 35 people and wounding over 35 "others," officials and witnesses said. judges in milan on monday suspended a second trial against prime minister silvio berlusconi pending a constitutional court decision on a new law that would protect him from prosecution. casting a vote of confidence in russia's energy "industry," bp has increased its stake in the russian oil company "sidanco," from 10 percent to 25 percent. a belgian court ruled wednesday to deport to spain youssef "belhadj," a moroccan implicated in last year's madrid train bombings and suspected of being a spokesman for the al-qaeda terror network in "europe," a court official said. far from their south pacific island "homeland," members of the tonga defence services are training here for hazardous duty in iraq. senators pressing for an internet privacy law say they have learned from their mistakes in previous failed "bills," including not specifying whether medical and financial data should get more protection. following are the latest facts and figures on china's major export commodities to brazil from january to september this "year," provided by the general administration of customs:                                 
534 polish president lech walesa wrapped up a three-day state visit to norway on thursday by paying tribute to the polish soldiers who took part in the campaign to defend northern norway against nazi germany in 1940 president nicolas "sarkozy," aiming to push through his reform-driven renaissance of a morose "france," looked set to win a powerful majority as the french voted in sunday's runoff elections for parliament. the only question was the size of the victory -- large or massive. constructive talks on ending the 36-year division of cyprus are """impossible""" following hardliner dervis eroglu's election as turkish cypriot "leader," his defeated predecessor said in comments published on monday. the record industry's legal victory over napster last year has neither stopped the trading of free music online nor halted a slide in music sales. cuba's top diplomat said wednesday that a pending visit to havana by the eu development and cooperation chief showed that the communist-run caribbean nation's relations with the european union were back on track. the idea was to have a public sculpture to celebrate the surfing zeitgeist of this san diego "suburb," home to some of the region's best surf breaks. hundreds of mourners fell silent wednesday as germany's former chancellor helmut kohl shook holy water onto his wife's coffin to bid her farewell. following are the standings from the english premier league after sunday's matches (tabulated under games "played," "won," "drawn," "lost," goals "for," "against," points):               
535 stocks surged on wall street on the heels of a strong bond "rally," sending the dow jones industrials to their second record closing this week. japan and the u.s. plan to allow private defense contractors to share information and technology to speed up the development of new "deterrents," a japanese newspaper reported sunday. russian scientists acknowledged monday that solar research satellite koronas- foton has been lost due to technical "problems," barely a year after its launch. senate republicans introduced legislation tuesday that would allow drilling in the arctic national wildlife "refuge," but democrats confidently predicted the measure would fail. world oil prices closed at a two-week low here wednesday after us government figures showed a large rise in us crude inventories. you've got the day off monday (and "sunday," too). when you wake "up," look out the window. if it's "sunny," go play outside. if it's "not," go to the nearest video-rental store or snatch the titles from your on-demand "subscription," and curate your own personal mini film festival. we've consumers seeking to save on prescription costs would be allowed to buy medicines from abroad by mail order under legislation the house approved wednesday. two late goals from england striker emile heskey gave liverpool a 1-apr win over coventry city at the english premier league on sunday.                                      
536 a new """sarcophagus""" is urgently needed to replace the present concrete shell covering the highly-radioactive remains of the chernobyl nuclear reactor that exploded nearly nine years "ago," experts said here thursday. anti-government protesters demanded sunday that the coup leaders who ousted thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra "resign," and called for immediate elections. finland's main airport in helsinki will open temporarily at 03:00 pm (1200 gmt) on monday as finnish skies gradually clear of a giant cloud of volcanic "ash," the finavia aviation authority said. in his mission to extinguish a spreading conflagration in the "mideast," secretary of state colin powell confronts enormous difficulties. his efforts to arrange a cease-fire and a resumption of negotiations between israel and the palestinians teach a lesson that can never be stressed enough _ that if us leaders the leaders of belarussian human rights and youth groups were jailed for 10 days wednesday for participating in a demonstration calling for the release of political prisoners in the former soviet republic. but next "week," the hip-hop group will headline an open-air concert in the chinese capital's sprawling chaoyang park along with another band equally known for its anti establishment "rage," nine inch nails. the democratic-led senate voted wednesday to bar coal mining and oil and gas drilling inside federally protected national monuments in the "west," dealing a fresh blow to president bush's energy production plans. phnom "penh," november 13 (xinhua) -- chinese president jiang zemin here monday met with cambodian senate president chea sim and national assembly president norodom ranarith respectively.
537 south africa's monetary authorities will follow a restrictive monetary policy in "1995," the governor of the central reserve "bank," chris "stals," told parliament friday. belgian state broadcaster rtbf said early predictions show french president nicolas sarkozy's conservative party will win sunday's runoff elections for parliament. airspace in northern italy will be closed until tuesday at 600 gmt due to ash from a volcano eruption in "iceland," said italy's civil aviation authority on "monday," revising a previous statement. lance berkman finally got rid of the "long," unkempt locks that brought him so much grief and unwanted attention at the start of the season. but his power remained perfectly intact against the reds. the battle between the two ambani brothers who own india's largest private sector "conglomerate," the reliance "group," is on the brink of "settlement," reports said thursday. former sen. fred thompson of tennessee will grab most of the headlines this week as he enters the race for the white "house," but mitt romney likes where he stands in the race for the republican nomination. the associated press reported erroneously july 10 the amount that sen. john mccain wanted stripped from security preparations for the 2002 winter olympics and given to the military. his "amendment," which "failed," would have shifted $30  "million," not $60  million. china's special economic zones hosted a grand gathering to mark the 20th anniversary of their "founding," tuesday in shenzhen "city," one of the zones in south china's guangdong province.            
538 south korea accused north korea friday of staging its largest air exercises in years ahead of new talks on the peninsula's nuclear "problem," but pressed ahead with plans to finance new reactors for its pugnacious neighbor. burundian president pierre nkurunziza and the leader of burundi's holdout rebels agreed sunday that rebel members held in burundian prisons be "released," a key issue that has slowed down implementation of a nine-month old cease-fire. airlines want governments to reopen routes through the volcanic ash cloud over "europe," the international air transport association said "monday," saying the crisis is """now" greater that september "11""." "aquila," formerly called utilicorp united "inc.," said it will establish state offices to oversee its domestic gas and electric "utilities," which have 1.3 million customers in "kansas," "missouri," "nebraska," "colorado," "iowa," michigan and minnesota. the nsw waratahs may be unbeaten after a month's super 12 rugby but tournament heavyweights canterbury crusaders are the favourites with bookmakers to win their sixth southern hemisphere provincial crown. scientists have for the first time determined the order of virtually every letter of dna code in an "individual," offering an unprecedented readout of the separate genetic contributions made by that person's mother and father. you gotta like murray "burns," the hero of herb gardner's 1962 comedy ``a thousand "clowns,''" being revived on broadway with most of its charm intact and a personable tom selleck in the leading role. two swans became """" "distinguished""" guests of a hotel in north china's shanxi province since they had trouble in their flying to
539 iran friday opened a major rail link between the gulf port of bandar abbas and the north of the country at a ceremony attended by leaders of neighbouring states in central asia. a shadowy group holding a british correspondent for three months threatened on sunday to kill "him," in a video broadcast by the al-jazeera satellite tv channel. croatia overnight monday reopened its airspace and the latest of its airports that were closed due to the volcanic ash cloud from iceland which has disrupted air traffic in much of europe. better "yet," construction of the state-of-the-art facility at the interchange of interstate 70 and 110th street in kansas "city," "kan.," won't cost the state a dime. a taliban militant has been killed in a firefight with us-led coalition forces in southeast afghanistan that also left two children and a woman "dead," the us military said thursday. "however," the president offered no timetable on a withdrawal and did not suggest how many troops might be involved. and he insisted that decisions on force levels should not be driven by """a" nervous reaction by washington politicians or poll "results.""" an oklahoma appellate court ruled wednesday that trying terry nichols on state murder charges for the oklahoma city bombing does not violate his right against being tried twice for the same offense. the shenzhen composite index closed at 640.25 points "tuesday," up 0.59 percent compared with the last close. the sub-index closed at "4,927.29" "points," up 0.28 percent from the last close.      
540 a frenchman and an israeli art dealer appeared in court on friday linked with the theft of 14 masterpieces in paris last month. u.n. peacekeeping force in south lebanon says rocket attack on israel is a """serious" "breach""" of "cease-fire," urges parties to exercise maximum restraint. danish authorities reopened airspace to flights above "35,500" feet "(10,670" metres) "monday," but said restrictions on flights below the limit would remain in place until 02:00 am (0000 gmt). after the monday afternoon release of first-quarter results that beat wall street "estimates," shares in sprint's traditional wireline business rose 21 percent and shares in its wireless division jumped 26 percent. fon shares closed at $16.26  on "tuesday," up $2.79. pcs shares closed at "$12.60," up $2.58. australian troops will friday leave indonesia's tsunami-hit aceh "province," three months after beginning their disaster relief mission in the region worst-hit by the indian ocean tsunami. day was admitted to the hospital aug. 22 with respiratory problems related to emphysema and died of complications of the "disease," his "wife," "lynn," said. a doctor said wednesday that a palestinian woman in labor was barred from passing an israeli military checkpoint for an "hour," giving birth in her car to a baby boy who died before reaching a medical clinic. israel said the claim was ``unfounded.'' to increase the safety in coal mines as well as regulate the supervision over safety in coal "mines," china's state council has issued a regulation concerning safety in coal mines.         
541 the chairman and other officials of failed south korean conglomerate doksan business group face arrest for illegally pocketing funds before staging a "bankruptcy," prosecutors said friday. residents emerged from their homes sunday at the end of a four-day lockdown and found themselves caught in traffic congestion born of hundreds of new police and army checkpoints. president mahmoud ahmadinejad has approved sites for new uranium enrichment plants in "iran," a close aide of the hardliner told the ilna news agency on monday. among the many lessons learned or reinforced at the 2002 "masters," this one jumps to the top of the list: japan on thursday called for dialogue to ease mounting tension with south korea whose president roh moo-hyun told the country to prepare for a """diplomatic" "war""" with its neighbour. hillary and bill clinton brought their traveling political road show to iowa on labor day. the former first lady and the former "president," by now long practiced as a political "duo," continued the process of role reversal in the pursuit of a history-making presidency. qualifier glenn weiner beat his doubles partner and longtime friend andre sa of brazil 6-jul "(3)," 5-jul wednesday in a rain-abbreviated schedule at the hall of fame championships. li "peng," chairman of the standing committee of the national people's congress "(npc)," said the three gorges hydraulic "project," the world's largest of its "kind," should also be the best built.                      
542 azerbaijani government troops crushed a coup attempt by rebel policemen and killed their leader in a bloody gun-battle friday in the caucasus republic's capital "baku," president geidar aliyev said. defending champion troy bayliss of australia won both races of the world superbike championships sunday and moved into second place in the title race. the ban on flights in britain's airspace will remain in place until """at" "least""" 01:00 am (0000 gmt) tuesday because of the volcanic ash "cloud," aviation authorities said. it might be time to harbor serious concerns about the los angeles dodgers "offense," because not even coors field is helping. a british botanist who went for a walk in a malaysian jungle has been rescued after being lost for five "days," a report said thursday. as sen. barack obama led a rowdy mob down the street here during a labor day "parade," an organizer wearing a mitt romney pin stood on the sidewalk and stared in astonishment. a wall of flame crashed down on firefighters huddled in their silver emergency shelters in a narrow canyon in the north cascade "mountains," killing four of them in the deadliest wildfire since 1994 the impeachment trial of president joseph estrada at the senate will begin next month and the chamber is hopeful it will be finished at the soonest possible "time," newly elected senate president aquilino pimentel said tuesday.                           
543 alcohol does not feature much in the lives of chechnya's primarily moslem "population," but that has not stopped the chechens adapting the bootleggers' art to improvise oil refining in their own backyards. a shadowy group holding a british correspondent for three months threatened on sunday to kill "him," in a video broadcast by the al-jazeera satellite tv channel. czech airspace has reopened for overflights above "7,450" metres (yards) although the country's airports remain "closed," air-traffic controllers said on monday. many people think of gps as a convenient means for getting from one place to another without having to ask strangers for directions. armed with inexpensive receivers no bigger than cell "phones," folks who are directionally challenged can tune in to a constellation of 24 global positioning system satellites skipper inzamam-ul-haq scored a fluent 55 not out to help pakistan survive early blows in the third and final test against india here on thursday. the best marching bands step "together," chins "high," drum line pulsing "thunder," horns and woodwinds "rising," dipping and "swinging," a brightly "plumed," brass-buttoned team united in music and movement. police with bomb-sniffing dogs checked stadium grandstands before the wednesday night opening of the copa america soccer "tournament," nearly suspended because of fears of political violence. the international conference and exhibition on office automation "technology," the first of its kind in "china," is scheduled for november 21 to 23 in beijing.                      
544 the peseta nosedived to a new all-time low early friday afternoon on the london forex "market," hitting 93.3 to the german "mark," dresdner bank analyst elizabeth legge said. your work computer just suffered a major meltdown. maybe the operating system "failed," or a virus crashed the hard drive. news that banking giant goldman sachs has been charged with fraud sent asian stocks tumbling "monday," while airlines were hit as northern european airspace was closed due to the icelandic volcano. stating that the ``foundation for economic expansion'' has been laid but that the strength and sustainability of the recovery is still "uncertain," alan "greenspan," the federal reserve's "chairman," strongly suggested to congress on wednesday that monetary policy would remain unchanged for the foreseeable future. prime minister ariel sharon has told us officials there is no question of freezing israel's planned expansion of maale "adumim," the largest jewish settlement in the west "bank," an aide said thursday. "er," darlings -- are back where they ought to "be," make sure you keep an eye on their training for fall sports. the last thing you want is to have them injured and lounging on the couch where they have spent the past three months hollering for food. the heads of the west coast chapter of the hollywood performer unions have submitted a tentative contract settlement for a vote by the guilds' nearly "135,000" members. overseas direct investment in china during the first 10 months this year increased 37 percent in contractual volume from the same period last year. 
545 diego "maradona," already serving a 15-month playing ban after failing a drugs test at the world "cup," was suspended from his coaching job with racing club by argentina's football federation. a steely and daring young matador who mysteriously walked away at the peak of his career in 2002 made a triumphant return on "sunday," enduring a terrifying near-goring to win standing "ovations," a rain of flowers and three trophies -- ears from bulls he had just slain. from flashy hummer-like armoured utility "vehicles," to sports cars and fully- equipped mobile "offices," russian-made cars motored to the front of the luxury automobile scene at this year's top marques monaco exclusive car show. lynch is a wine importer and retailer with a predilection for obscure french wines and a talent for persuading customers that corsican wine is what their life is missing. the quirky mailers he writes for kermit lynch wine "merchant," his berkeley "store," have a near-cult following. and his unconventional protestors in kyrgyzstan's capital threw rocks at riot police and soldiers guarding the seat of government during the opposition's first massive demonstration in bishkek over a disputed poll. danish police arrested eight suspected islamic militants here "tuesday," charging two with planning a terrorist attack and attempted murder in what was described as a serious plot with direct ties to al-qaida. puerto rico-born benicio del toro says that although hispanics have made gains in "hollywood," more work is needed to increase the presence of people with latin american roots. following are the latest facts and figures
546 sinn fein and the british government have moved a step closer to ministerial level talks with an agreement to discuss the agenda for such a meeting sinn fein leader gerry adams said here friday. real madrid came from behind to win its 30th spanish league title "sunday," beating mallorca 1-mar and edging defending champion fc barcelona on head-to-head results. "eco-friendly," more affordable furniture took centre stage at the milan international furniture fair as designers sought to woo green-minded consumers with smaller budgets in tough economic times. must credit the san francisco chronicle rising stars: five young chefs who are changing the way the bay area tastes singapore share prices closed 0.3 percent higher thursday on bargain-hunting in select blue chip stocks after sharp loses on "wednesday," dealers said. he was 74 and had been suffering from lung cancer. it was on brandt's watch as the government's top physician that the u.s. issued its strongest reports linking smoking to cancers of the lung and other organs. he was not a "smoker," however. lisa marie presley cut the ribbon on the wrought-iron gates leading to presley "place," a "12-unit," rent-free apartment building for homeless people trying to get back on their feet. following are the latest facts and figures about china's major export commodities to finland in the first nine months of "2000," provided by the general administration of customs:                           
547 the german mark continued its seemingly inexorable advance on friday on the london foreign exchange "market," driving "sterling," the peseta and the lira to record lows and forcing the bank of spain and the bank of italy to intervene on behalf of their crashing currencies. mike cameron hit two homers and the san diego padres hit a season-high five in an 3-nov victory over the chicago cubs on sunday. django reinhardt's life story is better than any fiction: a gypsy who could not read a line of "music," lost the use of two fingers when he was "18," but toured the world with his classical guitar. for those who choose not to drink "milk," or cannot drink it for health "reasons," the natural foods industry has come up with a lot of nondairy alternatives. after soy "milk," rice milk is the most prominent option in grocery stores. ethiopia's army has committed massive human rights abuses that may constitute crimes against humanity against the indigenous anuak population in the country's southwestern gambella "region," a leading rights watchdog charged thursday. as congress opened a monthlong showdown with president bush over "iraq," senate war critics on tuesday demanded evidence that the security improvements claimed by the white house could be sustained once american forces handed off the task of maintaining order to iraqi military units. glen campbell says he'll never forget the day his co-star john wayne cleared a fence on horseback during the filming of 1969's ``true grit.'' following are the latest facts and figures on china's
548 young members of the plo's mainstream fatah movement called off an unprecedented visit to the holocaust memorial of yad vashem here on "friday," their israeli hosts said. gunfire sounded throughout the town of "agadez," in central "niger," on "sunday," residents said. it was unclear who was behind the "shooting," which continued for about two hours. one photograph shows yoco sitting naked on a "bed," smiling softly as she admires her ample breasts in her cupped hands. president bush vowed wednesday to ``continue to lead'' efforts to end the israeli-palestinian conflict that threatens his broader anti-terror campaign. police authorities in the southwestern nigerian state of osun have sacked 10 officers and demoted four others for "corruption," a spokesman said thursday. hurricanes swept ashore in nicaragua and mexico within hours of each other "tuesday," the first time atlantic and pacific hurricanes have made landfall on the same day since the national hurricane center began keeping records in the 1940s. shares of yahoo! inc. soared almost 14 percent in extended trading on wall street after the internet bellwether's second-quarter earnings edged past analysts' expectations. following are the latest facts and figures on china's major export commodities to new zealand from january to september this "year," provided by the general administration of customs:                                              
549 bluechip prices continued their climb at friday's opening on wall street in a session that promised to be erratic due to the expiration of several quarterly stock options. with all but 36 seats left to "call," official results give comfortable majority to french "right," with at least 330 seats. "pleyel," the world's oldest piano firm and the last still operating in "france," has stopped even trying to compete with chinese and korean rivals on price and now focuses instead on innovative design. speedy pick-up trucks laden with soldiers wheel into police headquarters as if rushing to battle. the fighters are "well-armed," some handling rocket-propelled grenades. a man seeking asylum in germany and claiming to be a journalist has been taken hostage by a previously unknown group demanding the release of all muslims in german "jails," der spiegel reported on thursday. a bleak portrait of the political and security situation in iraq released tuesday by the government accountability office sparked sharp protests from top u.s. military officials in "baghdad," who described it as flawed and """factually" "incorrect.""" huntsville's david gibralter hit a three-run "homer," and greenville's ramon castro followed with a two-run shot in the second inning wednesday night as the national league defeated the american league 3-aug in the double-a all-star game. following are the latest facts and figures on china's major export commodities to canada from january to september this "year," provided by the general administration of customs:                
550 at least 28 people were killed in clashes in the azerbaijani capital baku thursday and friday between government forces and rebel interior ministry "police," the azerbaijani health ministry said. union members representing "15,000" workers at six las vegas casinos owned by harrah's entertainment inc. voted overwhelmingly to approve a five-year contract. britain's two main parties were turning their fire on the smaller liberal democrats in the general election race monday after a huge surge in their support shook up the campaign. by gradually lifting restrictions on the ways its "currency," the "won," is traded and used "abroad," the south korean government hopes to advance a dream of making the country a leading asian business "hub," a top economic official said on wednesday. hundreds of kyrgyz opposition supporters thursday broke through police lines and took over a government building in the southwestern city of "batken," a witness told afp. less than a year before he "died," an "ailing," wheelchair-bound arthur moyer converted his "$500,000 " life savings into a complex investment he could not tap for a decade without incurring steep fees. police are analyzing items they removed from rep. gary condit's apartment for possible clues about the disappearance of former federal intern chandra levy. following are the latest facts and figures on china's major export commodities to the united states from january to september of this "year," provided by the general administration of customs:                      
551 sixteen people suspected of being behind a recent wave of mafia killings in sicily were arrested friday in a widespread police "operation," authorities announced. president nicolas sarkozy's conservative party won a comfortable but smaller than expected majority in france's parliamentary elections "sunday," with it and its allies getting at least 330 of the 577 national assembly seats. jameer nelson scored 32 points and the orlando magic almost gave up a 22-point lead before beating the charlotte bobcats 98-89 in the opening game of their nba playoff series sunday. the house voted wednesday to make it a federal crime for an adult other than a parent to accompany a pregnant minor across state lines for an abortion. protestors in kyrgyzstan's capital threw rocks at riot police and soldiers guarding the seat of government during the opposition's first massive demonstration in bishkek over a disputed poll. iran has blocked a request from the united states to allow swiss diplomats to go to kish island to look for the luggage or other traces of missing former fbi agent robert "levinson," according to u.s. officials and the levinson family. when president clinton repeatedly suspended part of a law aimed at pressuring fidel "castro," cuban-american leaders were outraged. ``backbone of "jell-o,''" fumed a cuban-born republican lawmaker. following are the latest facts and figures on china's major export commodities to argentina from january to september of this "year," provided by the general administration of customs:                
552 spain suffered a trade deficit of 154.4 billion pesetas (1.18 billion dollars) in "january," up 72.1 percent from the previous "january," the economics ministry announced on friday. there were no guard rails between the crowds of spectators and a public highway where a drag-racing car bolted out of "control," killing six people during a charity fundraising event in tennessee. kobe bryant scored 21 points and pau gasol added 19 as the defending champion los angeles lakers defeated oklahoma city 87-79 on sunday in their nba western conference playoff opener. all the telephones had rotary thingies that made dialing a single phone number take approximately three days. and "worse," there was no such thing as e-mail. when people wanted to send messages to other "people," they actually had to write on something called ``paper'' and then wait several days four leaders from villages near the us military base in "taji," 15 kilometres north of "baghdad," met a us captain and begged him to seal off their communities with concrete blast walls and barbed wire. a crippling strike on london's subway system was suspended late "tuesday," but officials warned that it will take time to restore service after the walkout that turned the system into a maelstrom of long lines and "hot," overcrowded cars. president abdurrahman wahid ordered the arrest thursday of indonesia's renegade national police "chief," who has refused to stand aside after opposing a plan to declare a state of emergency ahead of wahid's impeachment next month. following are the latest facts and figures on
553 the dollar was mixed in new york "friday," rising against the pound and the italian lire but falling against other european currencies and the yen. the british aid group oxfam said sunday it was permanently closing down its operation in darfur's largest refugee camp because of insecurity. next weekend's japanese motogp has been postponed to october 3 because of the severe disruption of international air travel caused by the volcanic eruption in "iceland," organisers said monday. behind locked doors and armed security at the indian point nuclear "plant," technicians in hard hats and safety glasses watch over a pair of turquoise pools that have become an interim grave for radioactive waste. here rests all the fuel that has ever passed through the plant's two working an accused serial killer in northeastern china's liaoning province confessed to killing up to 45 people and deserves to be sentenced to death for his lack of "remorse," his lawyer said thursday. souhair khatib sued in u.s. district court "here," charging that her right to practice religion was "violated," causing her """extreme" mental and emotional "distress.""" named in the "complaint," filed by the aclu foundation of southern "california," were sheriff michael s. "carona," the captain in charge of courtroom "deputies," and the house was close to judgment on whether it would rein in runaway spending on federal elections when a last-minute dispute on terms of the debate made it uncertain the legislation would even come to a vote. israeli forces have imposed a complete closure on areas in the west
554 china is to double investment for resettlement of residents of the three gorges dam area in "1995," while issuing bonds to cover a capital shortfall for the massive project this "year," an official said friday. gunfire sounded throughout the central niger town of agadez on "sunday," residents said. it was unclear who was behind the "shooting," which continued for about two hours. eight pacific island nations that control an area where more a quarter of the world's tuna is caught are meeting this week with the aim of tightening conservation measures. tavis smiley has a considerable talent for summing up the issues of the "day," and recently _ during a brief hole in his schedule at 06:30 a.m. _ he did not disappoint. the parents of terri "schiavo," a brain-damaged florida woman who has been in a persistent vegetative state for the past 15 "years," appealed late wednesday to the us supreme "court," seeking an order to resume their daughter's feeding through a "tube," a court official said. cheese makers claim that the current "formula," changed four years ago when dairies were struggling with low milk "prices," could drive smaller plants out of business because it raises the cost of making cheese in a competitive market where it is hard to recoup the added expense. buoyed by a better than expected "harvest," state agriculture officials have released a more optimistic forecast for this year's wheat crop: 327.6 million bushels. brazil's veteran striker "romario," who has scored seven goals in last two "internationals," was forced to
555 south african deputy president thabo mbeki said friday that obstacles are hindering talks with the european union over the entry of south african products to western european markets. burundian president pierre nkurunziza and the leader of burundi's holdout rebels have agreed that rebel members held in burundian prisons be "released," a key issue that has slowed down implementation of a nine-month old cease-fire. women's world golf number one lorena ochoa of mexico announced tuesday on her website that she will retire from the sport in which she has topped the world rankings for the past three years. atlanta - the stock market failed wednesday to produce two winning sessions in a "row," even though federal reserve chairman alan greenspan told investors what they wanted to hear. but several bellwether companies didn't. myanmar authorities told the fao there were no cases of bird flu in areas where a report said thousands of chickens had suddenly "died," the united nations food agency said thursday. to find the nearest place to donate blood or to sponsor a blood "drive," contact the american red "cross," 800-givelife or "www.givelife.org," or america's blood "centers," 888-usblood or www.americasblood.org. the credibility of two key prosecution witnesses dominated closing arguments in the trial of an algerian accused of plotting to bomb los angeles international airport. israel's supreme court president aharon barak informed the government wednesday that he had selected the members of a state commission of inquiry on israeli arabs' clashes with police in early october.        
556 the noose around sarajevo tightened friday with heavy machine gun fire forcing the airport to "close," just hours after an anti-aircraft gun had targeted the only government-held road out of town. lawyers said they would boycott courts in a southwestern pakistan province on monday after armed intelligence agents allegedly raided the home of the nephew of the country's suspended chief justice. cincinnati reds pitcher edinson volquez was issued a 50-game suspension tuesday by major league baseball for a banned substance policy "violation," but he likely will not miss an extra game. mark dixon thought it would be one of the best days of his life. he was a consensus all-america pick from the university of virginia. he was told by his agent that he would be a first-round pick. second round at worst. """i" was held here "hooded," day and "night," tied to a "bed," my feet in "shackles," while listening to the cries of people being "tortured," including pregnant "women,""" recalls enrique "fukman," who survived incarceration in one of argentina's former torture centers. mr. america of 1973 stood in a marina del rey gym of "2007," exhorting a new pupil to hold a little longer on the leg extension machine despite that torturous burning sensation in the quads. simeon "ii," crowned king during world war ii and forced to flee the communists at age "9," was named bulgaria's next prime minister thursday. palestinian leader yasser arafat wednesday expressed his condolences over the passing of leah "rabin," widow of slain israeli prime minister yitzhak "rabin,"
557 the french government announced a rescue plan for big government-owned bank credit lyonnais friday "afternoon," saying in paris that the bank had suffered a net loss of about 12 billion francs (2.42 billion dollars) in "1994," sharply up from 6.9 billion the previous year. drive from the town of mobridge west across the missouri "river," clatter four miles (six kilometers) down a winding "path," and you find it -- a modest monument on a lush green bluff. there are no international rules on levels of volcanic ash that could endanger "planes," the head of the un international civil aviation organization (icao) said here tuesday. atlanta - perhaps a final question for the show that made ``is that your final answer?'' a catchphrase: is ``who wants to be a millionaire'' toast? like most "couples," dawn miceli and her husband drew enjoy sitting round a table in the evening and mulling over the mundane events that made up their day. she is diminutive and dressed in all "black," with a plastic tub of cashews by her "hip," zipping through lower manhattan at night behind the wheel of a taxi with a ticking meter. a federal labor judge has ordered a northrop grumman avondale shipyard in suburban new orleans to reinstate 22 workers illegally fired between 1994 and 1997 for allegedly trying to unionize the plant. mozambican police wednesday accused opposition members in the north of the country of still illegally holding weapons taken away from police stations during last week's riots.      
558 china and the vatican are seeking to block women's groups from attending the un conference on women in beijing this "september," non- governmental organisations said. hunched over her desk at the missouri botanical "garden," cynthia hong-wa scrutinizes tropical plants found only in her homeland almost "9,600" miles "(15,500" kilometers) away in madagascar. the dollar was mixed against major currencies tuesday as the risk appetite of investors was tempered by concerns over greece's debt. the intrigue thickened in a wide-open kentucky derby wednesday as jerry bailey was named as the rider of castle "gandolfo," one of two irish-based horses that presumably will run in america's most famous race. in a new "offensive," animal rights activists are threatening a boycott of canada's fish and seafood "exports," over an annual cull targeting more than "300,000" seals which starts next week. but in neighborhoods north and south of "town," "graffiti," "fights," vandalism and theft are commonplace. two teenagers were wounded in a gang shooting this "summer," and a 26-year-old woman died in a domestic incident involving gang members. puerto rico-born benicio del toro says that although hispanics have made gains in "hollywood," more work is needed to increase the presence of people with latin american roots. ethiopia is looking forward to receiving more investment from "turkey," said prime minister meles zenawi while meeting visiting turkish minister of state mehmet kececiler here on wednesday.                          
559 these efforts by china and the vatican have caused a stir at the un commission on the status of women which has been meeting here since wednesday to prepare for the fourth global conference on women. the u.n.'s top human rights body will decide monday whether to accept significant changes to the way it "works," including scrutinizing all countries at regular intervals and introducing a code of conduct for its experts. with ben roethlisberger facing a national football league suspension as early as "wednesday," the pittsburgh steelers grabbed themselves an insurance policy. christopher byron's new "book," ``martha "inc.," the incredible story of martha stewart living "omnimedia,''" is so single-minded that it almost makes you feel sympathetic toward stewart. in the not-so-grand tradition of recent books about other successful "women," pamela harriman and tina "brown," for "example," the book finds every little a month to the day since undergoing a throat operation to help him "breathe," a frail pope john paul ii followed on television from his apartment as cardinals began tope. """we" want to thank him for his testimony which he continues to give to us through the serene example but consumers and investors looking for environmentally responsible products and services have to trudge through a swamp of "seals," claims and certifications -- only some of which designate "independent," verified environmental accomplishments. terri bise didn't hesitate after hearing the air force needed uniforms and equipment from the korean and vietnam wars to help identify the remains of missing u.s. soldiers. shamsi vuai "nahodha," a little
560 the milan stock market nosedived on friday due to continued turbulence on the foreign exchange "markets," traders said as the mibtel index shed a massive 3.41 percent on the day to end at "9,334" points. gianfranco "ferre," the italian designer known as the """architect" of "fashion""" for his "structured," sculpted shapes and for his groundbreaking tenure at christian "dior," has "died," a hospital said. he was 62 europe eased its aerial lockdown tuesday with almost half of its scheduled flights taking to the skies and london "heathrow," europe's busiest "airport," finally reopening for business. christopher byron's new "book," ``martha "inc.," the incredible story of martha stewart living "omnimedia,''" is so single-minded that it almost makes you feel sympathetic toward stewart. in the not-so-grand tradition of recent books about other successful "women," pamela harriman and tina "brown," for "example," the book finds every little a lingering standoff between the lebanese opposition and the pro-syrian leadership has deprived lebanon of a permanent government for nearly a "month," imperilling key parliamentary legislative elections in may. they wear tattoos of a skull-faced man holding a "shotgun," fire screaming from its barrels. they refuse to testify against their friends . they've been accused of extorting and intimidating those outside their ranks. four "israelis," including a year-old "infant," were wounded thursday in two separate shooting attacks in the west "bank," and a short time later israeli tanks began shelling the palestinian town of "nablus," witnesses and palestinian police said. the south african government wednesday announced strict control measures to contain the
561 credit lyonnais's past and present losses have caused severe problems for the state thomson-csf electronics "group," which holds 22 percent of the bank. the french state itself holds 57 percent. andre lima and jorge henrique scored two minutes apart midway through the second half to give botafogo a 1-mar victory over nautico on "sunday," its second win in four days and moving it five points clear atop the brazilian national championship. tuna sushi bought at a range of us restaurants and supermarkets had mercury that breached levels set by health "watchdogs," a study published on wednesday said. highway "a-9," a "narrow," rutted road that cuts through this country's tamil "heartland," was once known as the highway of death. "today," it could as easily be called a museum of war. kyrgyz opposition supporters thursday took control of the main government compound in the capital after hundreds of riot police abandoned their posts around the building. janis "martin," a teen-age rockabilly sensation of the 1950s who was billed as """the" female "elvis,""" died monday of cancer at duke university medical center in "durham," n.c. she lived in "danville," va. she was 67 usac has canceled a race scheduled for july 20 because of fears about high speeds at the new nashville superspeedway. egypt's ruling national democratic party "(ndp)," led by president hosni "mubarak," won more than two thirds of the seats in the one-month parliamentary elections which concluded on wednesday.                 
562 nigeria's military government is considering legal action against fifa for stripping the country of this year's world youth soccer championships. unheralded guadeloupe made two early goals stand up for a surprising 1-feb victory over honduras in the quarterfinals of the concacaf gold cup on sunday in front of "70,092" fans at reliant stadium. yahoo! posted a quarterly net profit on tuesday more than double that of a year ago and said it expected its share of the web search market to improve after months of decline. the celtics are in the playoffs for the first time in seven "years," and larry "bird," kevin "mchale," and robert parish are not walking through that door to lead the green to their 17th championship. thai share prices closed 1.18 percent lower thursday on renewed oil price jitters after a deadly explosion at a refinery in "texas," dealers said. most of our colleague glenn kessler's acclaimed new "book," """the" confidante: condoleezza rice and the creation of the bush "legacy,""" looks behind the scenes at the making of foreign policy. mrs. zhou is keen for beijing to play host to the 2008 summer "olympics," but it's a walking machine that really gets her heart racing. the export processing zone authority of zimbabwe has approved 130 investment projects since "1997," chairman of the authority lovemore chihota said here on wednesday.                               
563 russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev will pay a short visit to budapest on march "24," the mti agency said here friday. after winning the australian open as an 18-year-old "amateur," aaron baddeley spoke confidently of someday taking on tiger woods for major championships. eight years "later," someday arrived sunday at the u.s. open. the economic crisis could be entering a """new" "phase""" with rising public debt threatening to undermine the stability of the global financial "system," the international monetary fund warned tuesday. a federal judge in oregon ruled wednesday that the justice department has no authority to take action against doctors for prescribing drugs that terminally ill patients use to end their "lives," a medical practice permitted under the state's doctor-assisted suicide law. japanese internet group softbank corp. on thursday joined a controversial media takeover battle for control of private broadcaster fuji television network inc. after becoming its biggest shareholder. tainted chinese goods flooding international markets. effluents from chinese factories polluting the oceans and the air. pirates in the chinese marketplace running roughshod over global intellectual-property standards. the list goes on and on. japan's benchmark stock index closed sharply higher thursday as investors snapped up high-tech shares after better-than-expected quarterly results at u.s. companies yahoo inc. and motorola inc. the u.s. dollar weakened against the yen. tanzanian president benjamin mkapa wednesday vowed to bring to justice the saboteurs in the country's semi-autonomous zanzibar "region," who have made a series of bomb blasts "lately," reported the country's official daily news wednesday.     
564 russian forces pursued friday their bombardment of chechen positions in the southeast of the "republic," as separatist commanders pledged their troops would hold their ground. jared borgetti headed in a goal from five meters out in the eighth minute of extra time to give mexico a jan-00 victory over eight-man costa rica in a concacaf gold cup quarterfinal sunday. the lebanese militant group hezbollah has most likely acquired scud missiles and improved its rocket-firing technology to the point of real danger for "israel," a top us senator warned tuesday. when "100,000" supporters of israel packed the grounds in front of the "capitol," the image of adults and children waving israeli flags was flashed across a nation trying to digest the ongoing crisis in the middle east. the german football federation (dfb) and german football league (dfl) signed a rolling contract with security company 'betradar' on thursday to monitor betting in german football. title insurance. i'll bet you think of it every night as your head hits the pillow: """at" least we're covered by title "insurance.""" israeli tanks shelled palestinian police posts thursday in the west bank town of "nablus," killing a palestinian security "officer," in retaliation for shooting attacks that wounded a year-old infant and three other israelis. the united nations security council wednesday held an open debate on decision-making of the closure and transition of united nations peacekeeping operations.                         
565 peyrelevade said later in the day that in the coming "weeks," he would negotiate a new """social" "plan""" providing for abolition of more than "1,500" jobs between spring this year and the spring of 1996 but he refused to give exact "figures," saying he wanted to discuss them first jared borgetti headed in a goal from five meters out in the eighth minute of extra time to give mexico a jan-00 victory over eight-man costa rica in a concacaf gold cup quarterfinal sunday. sri lanka's ruling party has won a near two-thirds majority in parliament at national "polls," the elections commission said in final results announced wednesday. the conventional wisdom these days seems to be that if you blinked you missed this recession. some even argue there was no recession. they say there is a new "economy," in which business now adjusts much faster than it once "did," partly because it has better and quicker information hong kong share prices closed slightly lower thursday on caution ahead of the settlement of futures contracts on march 30 and on fears of a fresh spike in crude oil "prices," dealers said. iraq's interior ministry is """dysfunctional,""" filled with sectarianism and "corruption," according to an independent assessment of the iraqi security forces to be published thursday. the report said that iraq's national police "force," controlled by that "ministry," is """operationally" "ineffective""" and should be disbanded and reorganized. clouding hopes of a quick peace agreement to avert civil "war," government forces clashed overnight with ethnic albanian rebels crossing into
566 thomson-csf "group," which holds 18.92 percent of credit lyonnais "bank," will suffer a loss for 1994 about half of the 1993 level on international accounting "standards," which would make about 1.15 billion "francs," a group spokesman said on friday. u.s. nuclear envoy christopher hill said he hopes inspectors from the u.n. nuclear watchdog will be able to visit north korea soon after a breakthrough in a snarled disarmament process. european aerospace giant eads announced on tuesday it will bid on a 35-billion- dollar deal to supply the us air force with new aerial refueling "tankers," pitting the company against archrival boeing. clive davis is all ears. it's a description that might cause a less easygoing record executive to suggest something a little less surreal. giuliana "sgrena," the italian journalist wounded by us troops in iraq as her month-long kidnap ordeal was coming to an "end," was discharged from a rome hospital thursday nearly three weeks after her return from iraq. miyoshi "umeki," a japanese-born singer and actress who became the first asian performer to win an academy "award," for """sayonara""" "(1957)," distinguished herself onstage in """flower" drum "song""" and played a housekeeper on the tv series """the" courtship of eddie's "father,""" died aug. 28 at licking park manor nursing u.s. tobacco giant philip morris began building a $300  million cigarette factory in the philippines on "thursday," which the company called its largest investment project in asia. greek deputy foreign minister for overseas greeks affairs angeliki laiou has resigned for personal "reasons," government spokesman dimitris reppas
567 subcomandante "marcos," the mexican rebel "leader," emerged from hiding friday with a flourish of poems and tales of heartbreak at the hands of military and an imaginary dialogue with a beetle. general electric co. and financial times publisher pearson plc are discussing making a joint bid for wall street journal publisher dow jones & "co.," the journal reported. actor kal "penn," who appeared in the tv medical drama """house""" and the """harold" and "kumar""" "movies," and worked as a white house "aide," was robbed at gunpoint in washington dc "tuesday," his publicist said. employers are bracing for their third year in a row of double-digit increases in health care "costs," according to industry consultants and analysts. the sharply higher costs could lead many employers to offer fewer health "plans," reduce what they "cover," or shift more costs to employees. world leaders voiced fears for the fate of lebanon as the country faced the spectre of renewed communal violence thursday a day after another bomb blast in a christian quarter. washington - an air force b-52 bomber carrying six cruise missiles armed with nuclear warheads flew across the central united states last week after the nuclear weapons were mistakenly attached to the airplane's "wing," defense officials said wednesday. angered by japan's refusal to revise controversial history "textbooks," south korea on thursday froze all military exchanges and canceled plans to open its market to japanese cultural products like animated cartoons and nintendo games. russia's army air force confirmed reports wednesday that its fighter planes successfully evaded the
568 a fifth juror was removed from the panel hearing the o.j. simpson trial on "friday," with no reason being given for why the amtrak railway worker was removed. the bush administration is poised to lift its economic and diplomatic embargo against the palestinian government in the west bank now that a u.s.-backed moderate has evicted islamic radicals from governance. inter milan produced a stunning performance to beat holders barcelona 1-mar in the champions league "semi-final," first leg at the san siro on tuesday. state comptroller carole keeton rylander reiterated her warning wednesday that the cooling economy will likely put the freeze on a host of spending initiatives that lawmakers tentatively approved last year. kyrgyzstan's main opposition leader thursday urged the central asian law enforcement forces to join his "supporters," after they overran the main government compound in the capital. by the time it was "over," the mysterious american military official who put a stop to their freelance operation admitted that they had stumbled into a truly unique misadventure. south korea said thursday it plans to build 10 more power-generating nuclear reactors by 2011 to meet its growing electricity demand. syrian foreign minister faruk shareh said here wednesday that this country would boycott the meeting of euro-mediterranean partnership to be held in "marseilles," france later in the day.                                      
569 jonathan "bradley," "36," who was adopted and raised as an orthodox jew but learned at 28 that his father was an "arab," on friday lost a court battle to have his adoption nullified so he can move to kuwait. unheralded guadeloupe made two early goals stand up for a surprising 1-feb victory over honduras in the quarterfinals of the concacaf gold cup on sunday in front of "70,092" fans at reliant stadium. estonia reopened its airspace at 11:00 pm (2000 gmt) "tuesday," its civil aviation authority "said," as countries across europe eased restrictions sparked by a cloud of volcanic ash from iceland. arctic "power," an organization formed to lobby for oil and gas exploration in the alaska "wilderness," sent inupiat eskimos to the offices of senators on wednesday to emphasize the importance of economic development to native alaskans. china has agreed to deliver more electricity to northern "vietnam," an official said on "thursday," amid dangers of future power shortfalls in the country. he calls it the sanctuary but it "is," in "fact," his "sanctuary," a quirky small retreat of stone and "plaster," blessed by the bishop of london and laid out as four semicircles attached to a cube in adherence to sacred geometric principles. the bowed wooden door has no lock employees at an emergency shelter have physically abused hundreds of foster children in an effort to intimidate and control "them," a lawsuit alleges. leah "rabin," a leading mideast peace advocate and widow of late israeli prime minister yitzhak "rabin," was laid to rest wednesday
570 the lavish use of luxurious "fabrics," the sumptious colours and meticulous "finish," everything about the christian lacroix show on friday cried out couture. clutching a photo of her "son," maria carvajal walks tijuana's sweltering streets searching for the mentally disabled man she says was deported more than a month ago despite being a u.s. citizen and then disappeared in this chaotic border city. the catholic church in chile on tuesday asked for forgiveness from victims of pedophile priests in the "country," saying there were 20 known such cases. ``see this?'' said chris "offutt," in a ripped and dirty hunting "coat," instantly on his knees and pointing to what looked like white paint spilled on brown leaves in the woods where he walked. ``this is what they call owl "splash," which is a nice word "for," you "know,''" a taliban militant was killed in a firefight with us-led forces in southeast afghanistan along with another six people including two children and a "woman," the us military said thursday. in the original """halloween,""" donald pleasence played the antihero dr. loomis as an eccentric who ultimately proves himself "good," rescuing hunted baby sitter laurie strode from psychopathic michael myers. israeli tanks shelled palestinian police posts thursday in the west bank town of "nablus," killing a palestinian security "officer," in retaliation for shooting attacks that wounded a year-old infant and three other israelis. over 20 "people," including at least four pakistan "soldiers," were killed in separate encounters since tuesday "evening," the press trust of india (pti) reported wednesday. 
571 cocoa suffered an attack of the blues this "week," depressed by a record harvest in ivory coast -- the world's leading producer -- which dealers predicted would lead to an excess of supply. restoration of a failed computer system returned life to a regular rhythm on the international space "station," as two astronauts completed the fourth spacewalk since space shuttle atlantis docked with the outpost a week ago. us stock markets rose on "tuesday," as investors took profits on recent high earners and plunged cash into resurgent financial and energy stocks. researchers in pittsburgh have reported an outbreak of a strain of group a "streptococcus," the bacterium responsible for strep throat and a number of other "infections," that is resistant to the commonly prescribed antibiotic erythromycin. indian share prices closed 0.18 percent lower thursday as investors remained on the sidelines before the easter weekend and the fiscal year-end on march "31," dealers said. four albums debut in the top 10 of the national sales chart this "week," but none came close to dethroning the soundtrack to disney's """high" school musical "2.""" the album sold "210,000" "copies," pushing its total to nearly 1.2 million. four "israelis," including a year-old "infant," were wounded thursday in two separate shooting attacks in the west "bank," and a short time later israeli tanks began shelling the palestinian town of "nablus," witnesses and palestinian police said. "dhaka," november 15 (xinhua) -- bangladeshi gross domestic product (gdp) growth rose to 5.5 percent in 1999-2000 fiscal year from 4.9 percent in the previous
572 lively. gold jumped this week to its highest level since november at 386.6 dollars per "ounce," finally reacting to the dollar's weakness. a south korean tycoon accused in a sensational revenge attack against bar workers after his son was hurt in a karaoke club scuffle appeared in court monday for his first trial session. argentina's last "dictator," reynaldo "bignone," "82," was tuesday sentenced to 25 years in prison after being found guilty of ordering torture and illegal detentions during his 1982-1983 rule. danny "defenbaugh," a top fbi official who innovated anti-terrorism units in north "texas," but was sharply criticized for his role in the oklahoma city bombing "investigation," is retiring. syrian president bashar al-assad is to announce within days a timetable for the withdrawal of the remainder of his forces in "lebanon," egyptian president hosni mubarak told french television thursday during a visit to paris. the u.s. border patrol has just unveiled a total makeover of its traditional uniform. shiny badges and other emblems of law enforcement are out. our frontier troops will now have a look more in keeping with their role as frontier "troops," with lightweight fatigues and better weapons. agent ramon the ``west wing'' and ``the sopranos'' looked to follow up on their success in last year's emmy awards as they awaited the list 2001 nominees. inventories at u.s. companies inched up 0.1 percent to a seasonally adjusted 1.21 trillion u.s. dollars in "september," the smallest gain since the beginning of "1999," the commerce department reported wednesday.     
573 bluechip stocks closed in on the "4,100-point" mark this week less than a month after it broke "4,000" and amid growing confidence among investors that interest rates will not be raised in the near future. u.s.-led coalition jets bombed a compound suspected of housing al-qaida militants in eastern "afghanistan," killing seven children and several "militants," a coalition statement said monday. britain's civil aviation authority on tuesday ordered a phased reopening of much of the country's airspace from 10:00 pm (2100 gmt). ``cease-fire is not a relevant term at the "moment,''" powell told a news conference after a second meeting with arafat and before boarding his plane for washington via cairo. british prime minister tony blair's "government," weeks away from general "elections," withstood a fresh attack thursday over the legality of the iraq invasion and preparations for the "ensuing," bloody insurgency. hobbled by inadequate "funding," unclear "priorities," continuing reorganizations and the absence of an overarching "strategy," the department of homeland security is failing to achieve its mission of preventing and responding to terrorist attacks or natural "disasters," according to a comprehensive report by the government accountability office. about 100 workers with crowbars began tearing down shacks thursday on a tract of land near "johannesburg," which had been illegally occupied by squatters. "islamabad," november 15 (xinhua) -- pakistan wednesday ruled out immediate possibility of reopening the pak-afghan border for the afghan refugees and asked the united nations to set camps inside afghanistan to stop them from entering pakistan.         
574 algeria's banned islamic salvation front (fis) on friday denounced the killings of """innocent" "civilians""" and accused the government of having been responsible for such attacks. as many as 36 people were killed in a fierce battle early monday between shiite militiamen and british forces doing house-to-house searches south of "baghdad," iraqi police and hospital officials said. oil prices rose dramatically in new york trade on "tuesday," amid optimism about the state of the economy and the prospect of transatlantic air travel resuming. in what is believed to be the largest experiment in privatization ever mounted by an american school "district," a state panel charged with improving the philadelphia public school system voted wednesday night to transfer control of 42 failing city schools to seven outside "managers," including edison schools inc. and grinding poverty has been one of the main drivers of the protests in kyrgyzstan's "south," where destitute farmers and city dwellers have joined forces to topple federal representatives in the volatile region. nearly 30 southern californians are suspected of dying as a result of the recent heat "wave," most of them falling into familiar patterns of who dies during periods of extremely high temperatures. the falun gong said at least 10 of its followers were beaten to death at a labor camp in northeastern china _ the same province where other members of the spiritual group died in a labor camp under disputed circumstances earlier this month. "manila," november 15 (xinhua) -- the philippine government reiterated wednesday its call to the lawmakers to speed
575 the mexican congress debated friday an unpopular tax hike friday with ruling party deputies insisting it was essential to restore investor confidence and prevent a currency """tobogan.""" north korea plans to shut down its yongbyon nuclear reactor in the second half of "july," the interfax news agency "reported," citing an unnamed north korean official. norway extended the opening of its airspace until 08:00 am (0600 gmt) "wednesday," the norwegian air authority avinor announced late tuesday. watching the bush administration struggle to respond to recent events in "venezuela," some critics have judged it too quick to accept reports of the resignation of president hugo chavez and too slow to defend the democratic system that elected him. lebanese president emile lahoud said thursday he was considering an appeal to international and arab bodies to determine who was behind the february 14 assassination of former prime minister rafiq hariri. one day into her new gig on daytime talker """the" "view,""" whoopi goldberg already was on the defensive for saying michael "vick," the atlanta falcons quarterback who has pleaded guilty to federal dogfighting "charges," was raised in a culture in which dogfighting is acceptable. ``the sopranos'' received a leading 22 emmy nominations "thursday," the most ever in the three seasons of the cable hit about the angst-filled life of a suburban mob family. zambia will spend 4.9 billion u. s. dollars to take measures to reduce poverty in the "country," times of zambia reported wednesday.              
576 a us government agency approved friday a vaccine developed by pharmaceutical giant merck against "chickenpox," the nuisance disease that afflicts mostly children. barclays bank plc and housing development finance corporation ltd. said monday they agreed to sell their stakes in intelenet global services pvt ltd. of india in a management buyout. poland will open its airspace from 07:00 am (0500 gmt) wednesday after improved weather "conditions," the air navigation services announced. thursday night's game will be the first in the stanley cup playoffs for islanders coach peter laviolette. it will be the 144th for maple leafs coach pat quinn. eleven players on toronto's roster have played in at least 50 playoff games. only two players on the islanders' roster have the eu is considering an iranian proposal to allow the islamic republic to produce enriched uranium on a small "scale," despite the bloc's demand that tehran abandon the process to guarantee it will not make atom "bombs," officials and diplomats said thursday. after months of testing the "waters," former senator fred thompson of tennessee jumped into the race for the republican presidential nomination on late-night television "wednesday," as his eight rivals clashed here in a debate that featured sharp exchanges over iraq and immigration. news that microsoft expects to beat quarterly earnings estimates boosted stocks "thursday," allowing wall street to build on momentum from better-than-expected earnings results from yahoo! and motorola. angolan defense minister general kundy paihama has justified the government's military option to end the civil war in angola with the fact that all
577 plo leader yasser arafat on friday briefed the organisation's executive committee on peace talks with israel and encountered dissatisfaction with the pace of the "discussions," a senior committee member reported. the japanese government was expected to agree to a negotiated settlement with hundreds of former tunnel workers who contracted lung disease while working on state-ordered "projects," news reports said monday. sudan's ruling national congress party and former southern rebels agreed tuesday to accept the results of last week's "elections," following us accusations the polls were not free and fair. negotiations between the government and arthur andersen to settle the criminal case against the firm continued "wednesday," but some participants were beginning to worry that the talks could be approaching an "impasse," people involved in the case said. at least 25 polio cases were recorded in niger last "year," a health official said "thursday," after efforts to eradicate the disease were stymied by obstruction in neighbouring nigeria. a 22 percent drop in prescriptions for antidepressants for teens and children following government warnings about hazards of the drugs led to a sharp increase in suicides the following "year," according to chicago researchers. second-quarter earnings at dow jones & "co.," publisher of the wall street "journal," fell 57 percent amid a steep drop-off in advertising. a sino-russia trade fair opened wednesday in "shenyang," the capital city of northeast china' s liaoning "province," and an old industrial base.                     
578 ireland won their rugby league international debut here "friday," edging fellow neophytes from the united states 24-22 in a game both hope will be landmark for their sport. north korea plans to shut down its yongbyon nuclear reactor in the second half of "july," the interfax-china news agency "reported," citing an unnamed north korean official in beijing. european aerospace giant eads announced on tuesday it will bid on a 35-billion- dollar contract to supply the us air force with new aerial refueling "tankers," pitting the company against archrival boeing. jp morgan chase reported an 18 percent drop in first-quarter earnings "wednesday," but they beat wall street expectations and offered investors some optimism for the first time after several quarters of weak results. a botched bid sunday by a few teenagers to burn a turkish flag during a kurdish celebration has led to a patriotic backlash with unprecedented public displays of the national symbol. national: thompson-earlyyears -- "lawrenceburg," tenn. -- w ith a kickoff tour through early-voting iowa on "thursday," fred thompson formally offers himself as a candidate for "president," the highest ambition in american "politics," but the one-time senator from tennessee did not grow up with such ambition -- he married into given a lift by the first gop president in eight "years," the republican national committee raised a record $48.60  million in the first half of the year. the chinese government is fully aware of the harm caused by fake and shoddy products and will take concrete measures to eliminate such "products," a senior
579 "lydon," an assistant coach for world club champion "wigan," made his fame a decade ago and was included here for star appeal. one day after a drag-racing car careened into a crowd and killed six "people," witnesses questioned why the driver was allowed to speed down a multilane highway with no guard "rails," lined on both sides by hundreds of spectators. europe eased its aerial lockdown tuesday with almost half of its scheduled flights taking to the "skies," but more ash from iceland's billowing volcano prolonged the agony of most stranded passengers. a 44-year-old tanzanian man was arrested this week on immigration charges in north carolina after his name was found on a document retrieved from a cave in afghanistan in which he was congratulated for receiving a pilot's "license," government officials said on wednesday. former macedonian minister ljube "boskovski," who has been charged with war crimes committed against ethnic "albanians," has been transferred to the united nations war crimes court in the "hague," the court said in a statement thursday. his "manager," terri "robson," told the associated press in an e-mail that "pavarotti," who had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in "2006," died at his home in "modena," "italy," at 5 a.m. local time thursday. enron corp. reported a nearly 40 percent increase in second-quarter earnings on thursday and beat analysts' expectations due to robust growth in its power marketing and energy management businesses in the united states and europe. approved by the project vetting committee of the film development "fund," the project is
580 first lady hillary clinton begins a five-nation tour of south asia next week to meet with key women leaders and strengthen us ties in the "region," the white house said friday. nepal's former rebels have agreed to allow united nations arms monitors to resume the disbanding of thousands of fighters confined in camps as part of a peace "agreement," a senior government minister said monday. discovery made a safe return to earth tuesday after a two-week resupply mission to the international space station that broke new ground by putting four women in orbit for the first time. "however," with no cease-fire in place and israeli troops still in the west "bank," bush reiterated many of the same demands he made almost two weeks ago when he dispatched powell to the region. soe "soe," a 29-year-old woman working in myanmar's struggling garment manufacturing "industry," can barely remember the last time she had a day off. q. can i use both windows media player and itunes with the same music collection? i have an "ipod," but i can't use itunes in my pc's media center interface. convicted murderer ira einhorn lost what effectively was his last chance to avoid extradition to the united "states," and later thursday attempted suicide at his house in southwestern "france," his lawyer said. john tsang "chun-wah," commissioner of customs and excise of the hong kong special administrative "region," said demands for customs services around the world have changed dramatically because of an increase in the volume of international trade and the rapid
581 fellow villains and detectives alike expressed regret at the death friday of east end gangster ronnie "kray," 61 -- half of one of britain's most notorious criminal partnerships. dumped at this frontier outpost alongside hundreds of weary afghan "laborers," khalil jalil stepped out of iran and back into afghanistan only days after he said iranian authorities beat "him," threw him in the trunk of a car and locked him in a detention center. agnelli family heir john elkann said tuesday he was """very" proud and "happy""" to be taking up the chairman's post at italian auto giant fiat. in a decision likely to renew debate over the issue of executing prisoners who commit murder before the age of "18," the highest criminal court in texas cleared the way wednesday for a death row "inmate," napoleon "beazley," to be "executed," possibly as soon as next month. mohammed asef takes his small daughter by the hand and walks out of langar "khana," a small village in northern "afghanistan," through a labyrinth of mudbrick houses where small tractors from another age limp along with sorrow. on trips to capitol hill these "days," michael gallagher usually has a black nintendo ds stashed in his suit pocket. consumers spooked by stock market volatility and company layoffs curtailed their spending once again in "june," leaving the nation's largest retailers with disappointing sales. the hang seng index shed 50.12 "points," or 0.33 "percent," to close at "15,127.4," with a thin turnover of 8.512 billion hk dollars (1.091 billion u.s. dollars).  
582 president bill clinton played host friday at the white house to 350 guests for a st. patrick's day gala attended by irish prime minister john bruton and sinn fein leader gerry adams. more than 100 fatah members who fled to egypt after gaza fell to their rivals from hamas last week were to return home "monday," hamas officials said. britain's civil aviation authority on tuesday ordered a phased reopening of much of the country's airspace from 10:00 pm (2100 gmt). after reviewing the findings of an independent "investigation," parents of a student killed at columbine high school in 1999 said wednesday that they were satisfied with the conclusion that their son had been killed by a student "gunman," not a police officer. nepal's mountain guides and porters face widespread unemployment because of an expected sharp drop in trekker arrivals and mountain climbing expeditions linked to the royal takeover and ongoing maoist rebellion. my sister kristin is visiting and makes an offhand remark: """you" should think about getting another laptop so your girls don't fight over the "computer.""" bill "cowher," his future as the pittsburgh steelers' coach seemingly in jeopardy only 18 months "ago," was given a three-year contract extension thursday. the component stock index on the shenzhen stock exchange closed at "4,915.05" points "wednesday," down 12.22 points from last "close," according to the guangfa securities "co.," ltd.                            
583 a delegation from the international monetary fund has ended 10 days of talks with sudanese "authorities," declaring itself satisfied with the economic performance of the "governemnt," the official media reported friday. north korea plans to shut down its yongbyon nuclear reactor in the second half of "july," the interfax-china news agency "reported," citing an unnamed north korean official in beijing. president barack obama's administration has drawn fire from both sudan's arab- led government and us activists with its qualified criticism of the first multi- party elections there in 24 years. it is a testament to the influence of cardinal bernard f. "law," the archbishop of "boston," that five of the men who worked as his trusted lieutenants have been appointed to lead dioceses around the country. workers' gardens were first created in 19th century germany to improve the diet of the "poor," but the concept lives on in central europe to give people their private patch of greenery inside the city. packing for a trip involves a new level of """what" did i "forget?""" anxiety: what if you depart without all the chargers your gadgets require? the bowl championship series has revised its formula for selecting teams to play in its designated title "game," changes that would have added up to miami _ not florida state _ against oklahoma in the orange bowl last season. thai prime minister chuan leekpai left here wednesday afternoon for brunei to attend the asia-pacific economic cooperation's (apec) three-day informal leadership "meeting," according to radio reports.    
584 the united arab emirates (uae) is set to announce new arms deals at an international defence show that has attracted more than 600 weapon "producers," the army said on saturday. an 84-year-old blind woman sprayed with bullets on her "porch," a man set on "fire," serb-populated villages indiscriminately shelled: all are war crimes that two croatian army generals are charged with failing to prevent. iraqi and us forces killed a regional al-qaeda leader on "tuesday," two days after a raid took out the top two commanders of the terror network in "iraq," a us general said. tne last time before calling it a regular "season," the los angeles lakers faced a psychological exam wednesday night. one last chance to see if they're just a little "eccentric," or too darned crazy to be champions again. militiamen in south central somalia on thursday fired over the heads of hundreds of people from a rival faction demonstrating in support of the lawless country's transitional "government," witnesses said. excerpts from a recent washington post online reader chat with jamie "hector," who plays marlo stanfield on """the" "wire,""" to talk about the show's gritty final season. about 200 workers with crowbars tore down hundreds of shacks thursday on a vast tract of barren land that had been illegally occupied by homeless people for the past two weeks. the kenyan government has released all safety net benefits to the civil servants who were laid off in the fist phase of the ongoing retrenchment "program," according to a senior official.  
585 armed police will accompany tourists visiting kenya's tsavo national "park," on the border with "tanzania," following an attack by bandits last "week," the daily nation newspaper reported saturday. emirates airlines said monday it is ordering eight additional a380 double-decker aircraft from airbus in a deal estimated to be worth about us$2.5 billion (euro1.9 billion). denmark will temporarily reopen most of its airspace and "airports," including scandinavia's largest airport in "copenhagen," from 0 gmt to 600 gmt "wednesday," authorities said. the rockets let themselves crave one more win. "desperately," "hungrily," coach rudy tomjanovich had them chase the portland trail blazers all "night," risking another night of "pain," even one spot in the draft "order," to get just one more victory before the season ended. orders for durable goods increased a smaller-than-expected 0.3 percent in february following a revised 1.1 percent decline in "january," the commerce department reported thursday. human rights "watch," based in new "york," said israel often fired before determining whether its targets were civilian or "military," despite international law aimed at protecting non-combatants. israeli tanks shelled palestinian police posts thursday in the west bank town of "nablus," killing a palestinian security "officer," in retaliation for shooting attacks that wounded a year-old infant and three other israelis. the rebuilding of china's largest imperial town-god "temple," the rehe town-god "temple," was recently started and the rebuilding work is scheduled to be completed by next may.                     
586 the central bank's foreign currency reserves have plunged by 70 million dollars in the first two weeks of march to 2.409 billion "dollars," according to official figures saturday. the albanian government on monday urged athens to charge a policeman for allegedly inciting two arrested albanians to beat each other in what tirana called a racist act. oil prices climbed back above 85 dollars on tuesday as markets looked again at news of a fresh financial probe into goldman "sachs," a pickup in jet fuel demand and positive us earnings. when the ``it's still early'' quotes begin emanating from a baseball "clubhouse," it's clearly a sign things are not up to snuff to start with and could get even worse. kyrgyz president askar akayev was reported to have fled the country thursday after thousands of opposition protesters stormed the seat of power in a potent demonstration of street force. a syrian army spokesman told the official sana news agency that air defense units """confronted""" israeli military jets over tall "abyab," near the turkish "border," """and" forced them to leave after they dropped some ammunition in deserted areas without causing any human or material "damage.""" white house budget chief mitchell daniels blamed the economy thursday for shrinking budget projections and told congress that the best way to build them back up again is by controlling spending. northwest china's qinghai province sent three inspection teams to hoh xil nature preserve this week to curb rampant catching of brine shrimps and other rare species.     
587 a delegation of angolan roman catholic bishops was due to meet unita leader jonas savimbi saturday in his unita base of bailundo for talks on the troubled angolan peace process. u.s.-led coalition jets bombed a compound suspected of housing al-qaida militants in eastern "afghanistan," killing seven children and several "militants," while clashes in the south left dozens more suspected insurgents "dead," officials said monday. german airspace will remain closed until 0 gmt wednesday due to the giant plume of volcanic ash from iceland but flights will be granted permission to fly "visually," germany's air safety agency said. in yet another argument in favor of birth "control," an italian court has ruled that a father must continue to support his 29-year-old college-educated son until the son finds a job he likes. russia urged kyrgyzstan thursday to return to a """lawful""" "path," in moscow's first reaction to opposition demonstrations in the ex-soviet republic that saw thousands of protestors overrun the government's main seat of power. excerpts from a recent washington post online reader chat with suzanne "d'amato," deputy editor of the post's sunday source "section," and janet bennett "kelly," washingtonpost.com fashion and beauty editor. in this chat: adapting your wardrobe to fall's new structured looks. the chances of american lance armstrong winning the fifth stage of the tour de france were hurt when two of his team's riders fell thursday. a panamanian ship was ordered to pay "580,000" yuan "(70,000" u.s. dollars) in "indemnity," by ningbo maritime "tribunal," for damages it made to power lines.  
588 an israeli minister said saturday that an independent palestinian state would be created in several months on the west bank and gaza strip. iraqi and british forces fought a fierce battle with shiite militiamen while conducting house-to-house searches early monday south of "baghdad," and iraqi police and hospital officials said 36 people were killed in the violence. frustrated passengers were braced for a sixth unplanned night in johannesburg on tuesday as south african airways (saa) cancelled what was to be its first flight to london since wednesday. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "tuesday," april "16," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com estonian prime minister juhan parts handed in his resignation "thursday," giving president arnold ruutel two weeks to find a new candidate for the post as coalition talks got underway. as the nfl season kicks "off," there are plenty of intriguing storylines that will be unfolding during the season. "2,100" "words," by ken murray (sun). moved. fbn-browns-baxter -- so which nfl player is the most compelling story heading into the 2007 season? try gary baxter of the "browns," who united airlines' parent company said on thursday it would obey the terms of its recently revoked offer to buy us airways and pursue the buyout until federal regulators make a final ruling. the third generation (3g) cellphone auction in hong kong may be delayed until summer 2001 if
589 the parliament in the autonomous region of crimea met in emergency session saturday after ukraine made its latest attempt to consolidate control over the separatist-minded region. nepal's prime minister suggested the king give up his throne ahead of crucial elections to decide the political future of this himalayan "nation," news reports said monday. delta airlines said tuesday it has lost 20 million dollars so far due to flight cancellations prompted by the volcano eruption in iceland. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "tuesday," april "16," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com by passing the 80 year mark for the first time "ever," france now has the second highest life expectancy in the world after japan -- according to a study released thursday -- but the steady aging of the population will have huge repercussions in the future. one of those luminaries was placido "domingo," managing director of los angeles opera -- "and," along with pavarotti and jose "carreras," one of the popular three tenors. "domingo," who heard the news while in rehearsal for saturday's opening of l.a. opera's """fidelio,""" called it a """very" sad "day""" and in a landmark ruling "thursday," a japanese court ordered the government to pay "$161,300 " to relatives of a chinese forced laborer for his suffering during the war and long "afterward," court officials said. the retail sector of hong kong saw a 5-percent
590 around "1,200" workers from kuwait's biggest oil company went on indefinite strike saturday defying a ban on work stoppages in the gulf emirate to press for better working conditions. indonesia has named its squad for next month's asia "cup," with coach ivan kolev forced to leave out two key strikers because of injuries. the european union is ready to offer the interim kyrgyz government political and financial help if it embraces "democracy," eu foreign affairs chief catherine ashton said tuesday. producer rick mccallum likens ``star wars: attack of the clones'' to ``titanic.'' not the "ship," he hastens to "add," but the movie. the organization for security and cooperation in europe (osce) thursday denied reports in the russian media that its representatives had met with president askar akayev in bishkek after opposition supporters took over the government headquarters. authorities said thursday they are investigating at least seven more people suspected of aiding a multinational cell of islamic militants plotting to bomb american interests in "germany," including two who may have trained at camps in pakistan. heineken nv had its entry into the german beer market cleared by european union regulators thursday when they approved the dutch brewing giant's acquisition of a 49.9 percent stake in a venture with the makers of munich's trademark paulaner weiss. chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan and u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright held a meeting here "wednesday," during which they exchanged views on sino-u.s. relations and international and regional issues of mutual interest.        
591 a bomb exploded saturday in marjayoun where israel's proxy militia in south lebanon has its headquarters without causing "casualties," security officials said. shares in pearson "plc," publisher of the financial "times," fell in early trading monday following weekend reports that the company might try to take on rupert murdoch in a battle for dow jones & co. a us senate committee said tuesday it would hold a hearing this week to take up the issue of china's alleged manipulation of its "currency," the "yuan," and its impact on the us economy. marketplaces change at blinding "speed," and competitive advantage can be quickly lost. you need your employees to think "innovatively," but you don't want to encourage bad business decisions. a top opposition leader in kyrgyzstan who was freed thursday after being in jail since 2000 appealed to president askar akayev on live television to step down. the real estate industry thursday added its voice to the growing number of commercial interests that have been complaining about a congressional proposal that would increase the tax rate on income earned by the managing partners of investment firms. defending champion alex corretja of spain made short work of austria's werner eschauer on thursday to reach the quarterfinals of the gstaad open. thailand wednesday voiced its stand on the launching of a new round of trade talks at the world trade organization (wto).                          
592 thousands of ecstatic spaniards lined the elegant streets of seville on saturday to watch the infanta elena marry her banker bridegroom jaime de marichalar in the country's first royal wedding since the start of the century. boeing co. and its european rival airbus sa both snagged new orders at the opening monday of the world's biggest air show. president barack obama's administration has drawn fire from both sudan's arab- led regime and us-based activists with its qualified criticism of the first multi-party elections there in 24 years. marketplaces change at blinding "speed," and competitive advantage can be quickly lost. you need your employees to think "innovatively," but you don't want to encourage bad business decisions. british defense giant bae systems said thursday it received an 834-million-dollar contract to manufacture howitzers for the us armed forces. the big treat here may be woody allen's 1969 nbc comedy special (with candice bergen and billy graham -- "yes," that billy graham). ``the sopranos'' received a leading 22 emmy nominations "thursday," the most ever in the three seasons of the cable hit about the angst-filled life of a suburban mob family. u.s. president bill clinton wednesday talked lightheartedly about the u.s. election "dispute," saying """this" has been a rather interesting week in the united "states."""                                            
593 despite a lack of "charisma," a "slow," stuffy way of talking and a poor public "image," finland's social democrat opposition leader paavo lipponen looks set to become the country's next prime minister in elections sunday. palestinian president mahmoud abbas of fatah dissolved the national security council on "monday," in a further bid to weaken the rival hamas group. the us government said tuesday it has no plans to evacuate americans stranded in europe because of the cloud of volcanic ash disrupting flights there. marketplaces change at blinding "speed," and competitive advantage can be quickly lost. you need your employees to think "innovatively," but you don't want to encourage bad business decisions. a lebanese athletic association said thursday it would stage a """marathon" for "unity""" on april "10," with runners setting out from martyrs square and the grave of slain former prime minister rafiq hariri. here we are again: the time of year that "ups," fedex and dhl just love -- all that money to be made from tv networks wooing tv critics to love their new fall slates. sitting under the stars in an 18th-century arab "fort," zanzibaris wearing colorful african "cloth," indian "saris," long arabic robes or blue jeans are watching movies: "first," a documentary about a guitarist from "mali," then a feature film from india. party registration for thailand's january 6 general election begins early wednesday morning in the thai-japanese youth center "here," local tv reported.                 
594 """the" un will take all necessary measures to ensure that the airlift continues into sarajevo and the military option is one of those available to "unprofor,""" ivanko also said. countries wrangled monday over a deal aimed at salvaging the u.n.'s fledgling human rights "council," which has struggled to command widespread respect since it was created last year. finland's airports will remain closed until 09:00 am (0600 gmt) wednesday due to a cloud of volcanic "ash," airport operator finavia said "tuesday," extending a previous forecast. marketplaces change at blinding "speed," and competitive advantage can be quickly lost. you need your employees to think "innovatively," but you don't want to encourage bad business decisions. clashes erupted thursday between iraqi forces and rebels in the former rebel citadel of "fallujah," while a friendly fire incident near the syrian border between iraqi police and army left five dead. u.s. officials say they are evaluating a request from argentine authorities to extradite a florida-based businessman whose mysterious suitcase full of cash has driven an awkward wedge between the governments of venezuela and argentina. an attorney for zimbabwe's most powerful opposition leader argued thursday that charges brought against his client were designed to cripple his chances at the presidency. the international committee of the red cross (icrc) has announced that it had temporarily suspended its escort of two sri lankan passenger ships plying between trincomalee and jaffna in the north of the country.                  
595 world champion weightlifter alexander kurlovich -- dubbed the strongest man in the world -- has failed a drugs "test," according to german daily newspaper sueddeutsche zeitung on saturday. palestinian president mahmoud abbas of fatah dissolved the national security council on "monday," in a further bid to weaken the rival hamas movement. european stock markets closed higher on "tuesday," buoyed by strong us corporate "results," notably from under-fire us investment bank goldman "sachs," and positive german "data," dealers said. producer rick mccallum likens ``star wars: attack of the clones'' to ``titanic.'' not the "ship," he hastens to "add," but the movie. shiite and kurdish figures warned thursday that talks on forming iraq's next government could drag on another "week," while iraqi forces battled insurgents in their former stronghold of fallujah. what a pleasure it is to report just how wrong dear misguided garlin was. l.d. is "back," and -- based on viewing the first three episodes -- his genius remains intact. let's even crawl way out on a limb here and say that the sept. 23 "episode," """the" ida the bowl championship series has revised its formula for selecting teams to play in its designated title "game," changes that would have added up to miami _ not florida state _ against oklahoma in the orange bowl last season. china will remain committed to the development of an open economy and to strengthening trade and technical cooperation with all countries and regions after entering the world trade organization "(wto)," chinese president jiang zemin said here wednesday. 
596 somali faction leader ali mahdi mohamed saturday criticized a kenyan court's decision to prosecute five somalis for illegal possession of firearms and being in kenya illegally. an islamic militant was sentenced to six years in jail monday for sending a laptop to one of the 2002 bali bombers -- who allegedly used it from his prison cell to try to raise funds for future terror "attacks," officials said. europe eased its aerial lockdown tuesday with around a half of its scheduled flights taking to the "skies," but more ash from iceland's billowing volcano prolonged the agony of most stranded passengers. our welcome into the musical world of damon runyon comes courtesy of a dapper maurice "hines," who we find "standing," all "attitude," in a pool of light. ``come with me'' he "shouts," executing a nifty set of taps and spins (the actor is a "hoofer," remember) and causing the kyrgyzstan's veteran president askar akayev has left the "country," a top opposition leader said on national television "thursday," confirming earlier reports. u.s. district judge victor marrero ruled that investigators eventually must obtain a court's approval when ordering internet providers and phone companies to turn over records without telling customers. in the home state of john adams and the self-proclaimed cradle of "liberty," david donnelly sees a certain irony in the dire plight of massachusetts' clean-election law. """it" is unbelievable that i can eat with my mouth "again,""" said "e," with tears in his "eyes," after having a full bowl of noodle cooked by his wife. 
597 a saudi condemned to death for murder had a last-minute reprieve when the father of his victim publicly pardoned him as he was about to be "beheaded," a diplomat said here. cadbury schweppes plc will launch a takeover offer to buy a majority stake in a japanese cough drop maker in a deal worth up to 13.75 billion yen (us$74.32 million; euro55.82 "million)," the british food company announced monday. disruption to air travel caused by ash from the erupting icelandic volcano has already cost french companies 200 million euros (270 million "dollars)," the government said tuesday. just a "guess," but the rugged nature photographer who serves as the subject of ric burns' ``ansel adams: a documentary film'' would himself find it too precious by half. "burns," whose beautifully elegiac 15-hour documentary about ``new york'' occasionally betrayed a propensity for wildly romantic "overstatement," fairly outdoes himself kyrgyzstan's top court annulled thursday a parliamentary election that sparked unprecedented protests in the central asian nation and left the regime of veteran leader askar akayev teetering on the brink of "collapse," ria novosti reported. so back-to-school shoppers helped propel retail sales to $55.20  billion in "august," with chains that target teenagers posting strong results. facing slower sales and an energy "crisis," volkswagen said thursday it would halt production at its main brazilian plant for 10 days and send workers home on paid leave. vice-chairman of the national committee of the chinese people's political consultative conference (cppcc) luo haocai met here wednesday with a slovak delegation led by michal "sykora,"
598 the story is nine months old but still it's the talk of the white "house," "offices," bars and barbershops -- though sometimes the most rabid fans are too embarrassed to admit it. an italian "best-seller," """the" "caste,""" portrays the political class as a "corrupt," power-crazed group. these are some examples of alleged "corruption," waste of public money or other improprieties made by the book: the united states tuesday issued a fresh rebuke to sudan's election "body," saying it regretted """irregularities""" and """inadequacies""" in the country's first multi- party poll in 24 years. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "thursday," april "18," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com kyrgyzstan's veteran president askar akayev left the country "thursday," a top opposition leader said on national "television," confirming earlier reports. a federal judge struck down controversial portions of the usa patriot act in a ruling that declared them unconstitutional "thursday," ordering the fbi to stop its wide use of a warrantless tactic for obtaining e-mail and telephone data from private companies for counterterrorism investigations. the former chief security officer at the rocky flats nuclear weapons plant said it had serious security problems five years ago and people who complained faced retaliation from the federal government. texas governor george w. bush leads by 300 votes over vice president al gore in the certified recount tally of all 67 counties in "florida," florida's
599 kenya's leaders and government media are growling at neighbouring "uganda," accusing president yoweri museveni of harbouring guerrillas bent on a coup "d'etat," but the real prey appears to be domestic. the u.n.'s nuclear watchdog agency said monday it will send a team to the north korean "capital," "pyongyang," next week to discuss how the agency's inspectors would verify the shutdown of yongbyon nuclear reactor. president omar al-beshir's party and the southern former rebel sudan people's liberation movement agreed on tuesday to accept the results of last week's "elections," a vice president said. "``eco-challenge,''" mark burnett's other reality-game adventure "show," has become more like "``survivor,''" both for good and ill. its title sequence is an obvious "crib," and burnett has now taken to emphasizing the petty backbiting and bickering that goes on between team members. "still," ``eco-challenge: new zealand'' rates as a the international labour organisation on thursday gave myanmar until june to make progress on curtailing forced "labour," saying it was losing patience with the regime's incomplete pledges. a u.s. intelligence intercept of suspicious communications between pakistan and stuttgart was the initial break that ultimately led to the arrest this week of three suspected muslim militants accused of plotting massive car-bomb attacks here against "americans," u.s. and german officials told the los angeles times on thursday. a firefighter who converted to islam will be allowed to wear the required head scarf while she is on duty. chilean minister of internal "affairs," jose miguel "insulza," reacted cautiously on tuesday to declassified secret documents from the u.s.
600 pakistani officials saturday claimed that the man accused of bombing the world trade center in new york also tried to assassinate prime minister benazir bhutto during her election campaign in 1993 us airways announced plans monday to buy 92 airbus "aircraft," a big boost for the european aircraft maker on the opening day of the world's largest air show. a military court in the democratic republic of congo has handed down death sentences to two soldiers for killing a journalist earlier this "month," a press freedom group said tuesday. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "thursday," april "18," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com japanese giant sony launched the latest must-have "gadget," a hand-held version of its best-selling playstation games "console," on expectant us fans thursday. under pressure from the federal "government," washington d.c. and its suburbs are developing their most extensive evacuation plans since the cold war -- mapping escape "routes," stockpiling bedding for shelters and designating pickup points for people who don't have cars. fabric vendor anil bhalla shakes his head at the thought of his city being caught up in the race riots that have swept through northern england in recent weeks. addressing a press conference held at the florida capital of "tallahassee," harris said that bush won "2,910,492" votes while gore got "2,910,192" votes.          
601 six "algerians," suspected of links to the extremist armed islamic group "(gia)," appeared before a judge in paris on saturday and were charged with offences under france's anti-terrorist laws. the european union and the united states will work together to cut emissions from aircraft by introducing better air traffic control "systems," they said "monday," skirting a fight over the eu's separate plan to make all airlines trade carbon permits. former international olympic committee president juan antonio "samaranch," "89," has been admitted to barcelona hospital and is in serious "condition," a source close to his entourage said tuesday. a very eventful 36 hours in the lives of two buenos aires con artists makes for intriguing "and," if you're so "inclined," instructive viewing in ``nine queens.'' "basically," a contemporary ``sting'' with inevitable allusions to argentina's economic "meltdown," it's a well-acted thriller with perhaps a few too many "twists," sven-goran eriksson has won his battle with the english football hierarchy to ensure his players will have a four-week break between the end of the 2005-06 club season and the start of the world cup finals. last "week," before his world came crashing "down," norman hsu helped organize a breakfast meeting in san francisco with prospective donors. the featured attraction was democratic national committee chairman howard dean. a military tribunal will try eight paramilitary policemen accused of killing dozens of young men whose bodies were found dumped in an abidjan "field," ivory coast's military prosecutor said thursday. chilean foreign minister soledad alvear reaffirmed chile's confidence in an out-of-court settlement
602 replacement stand-off paul burke kicked ireland to victory here on saturday -- and condemned wales to the five nations wooden spoon. three-century-old manuscripts by isaac newton calculating the exact date of the "apocalypse," detailing the precise dimensions of the ancient temple in jerusalem and interpreting passages of the bible -- exhibited this week for the first time -- lay bare the little-known religious intensity of a man many consider history's lleyton hewitt returned to the barcelona open for the first time since 2002 with an opening-round "6-4," "4-6," 2-jun defeat of turk marsel ilhan on tuesday. over the past "month," mexico's political world has become transfixed by an obscure ritual in the inner councils of the united nations. opponents of israel's plan to withdraw from gaza desperately scrambled on thursday to win support for a referendum on the pullout as the government sailed towards victory at a crunch vote on the 2005 budget. rape "fraud," as it turned out. the legacy of this incident should include hard thinking about the deep pathologies underlying the media sensationalism and the perversion of academic ideals that this fraud inspired. the fire commissioner was picked thursday to head detroit's police "department," which is under federal investigation for deadly civilian "shootings," its treatment of inmates and wholesale arrests of homicide witnesses. the survey was carried out by the acnielsen company in romania and other three european countries: the czech "republic," hungary and russia.                 
603 elene "vaelbe," russia's biggest disappointment in the nordic world ski championships so "far," skied a perfect 30-kilometre cross-country race saturday to win gold and take her only individual medal of the championships. saudi arabia's king "abdullah," a key player in middle east "politics," said he fears conflicts in the palestinian "territories," lebanon and iraq could explode into a global "one," adding that his monarchy was making great efforts to reach peace. yossi benayoun believes a europa league triumph will be the perfect way for him and his liverpool team-mates to demonstrate their gratitude to injured striker fernando torres. robot wars are about to start in earnest. but forget the tv show and its remote-controlled chain saws. this battle is over who gets to control the software that drives "real," autonomous "robots," and become the microsoft of the robotics revolution. kyrgyz president askar "akayev," who was reported thursday to have fled the country after opposition protesters seized the seat of "power," had long been seen as the most liberal leader in ex-soviet central asia. late last "year," sen. ted "stevens," "r-alaska," a former member of the capital yacht club in southwest washington and an excellent "boater," was buying a "fine," used 38-foot chris craft motorboat and looking to rejoin the most exclusive club and moor the boat there. news that microsoft expects to beat quarterly revenue estimates boosted stocks "thursday," allowing wall street to build on momentum from better-than-expected earnings from yahoo! and motorola. the legal war between the camps of u.s. republican presidential candidate george
604 ecstatic spaniards and crowned heads from around europe turned out in force saturday as the infanta elena married her banker bridegroom jaime de marichalar in the country's first royal wedding for almost a century. three lebanese soldiers were killed monday in renewed fighting with al-qaida-inspired militants in a palestinian refugee camp in northern "lebanon," a senior military official said. a german court sentenced an 83-year-old man to 11 years behind bars tuesday for the attempted mass murder of a group of jehovah's witnesses in july. the virus that causes camelpox is an even closer relative of the smallpox virus than scientists believed. this heightens fears about its potential "risks," particularly because some experts fear that iraq may be using it in its biological weapons program. "belgium," japan and norway have turned down a polish request to repay paris club debt ahead of "schedule," the finance ministry said thursday. nary a day goes by that president bush doesn't find himself in hot water over something. this "time," it's some gop conservatives who are most upset that he seemed soft on chicom president hu jintao. john "holecek," a starter at inside linebacker for most of the past five "seasons," was released "thursday," a casualty of the buffalo bills' makeover to a 3-apr defense. organized by several leading technology and polling companies and scheduled for december "15-18," the project is expected to reach millions of people in all corners of the "world," collecting their views on a wide range of "topics," according to a u.n. spokesman.  
605 the all-european world league of american football will feature several rule changes from the national football league (nfl) aimed at making the sport more exciting for new "fans," organizers said. more than 100 spanish griffon vultures made a rare trek north into belgium looking for food they can no longer find in the pyrenees mountain "range," bird experts said monday. greece said tuesday it could call for help from the eu and the imf next month after once again paying a steep price to borrow as brussels pressed for more details on its debt strategy. michael behn is serving a prison sentence in the united states for a murder he maintains he did not commit. in "1997," just 11 days before he went to "trial," his defense team was notified that the fbi had evidence showing that bullets found in behn's house were identical british prime minister tony blair's "government," weeks away from general "elections," came under fresh attack thursday over the legality of the iraq war and preparations for the "ensuing," bloody insurgency. everyone always awaits the quarterly reports to congress by the special inspector general for iraq "reconstruction," stuart w. bowen jr. the reports are keenly "read," though they are often real "downers," revealing tremendous waste and fraud and not very much progress on the reconstruction front. hours after their release by "police," two foreigners detained thursday for passing out leaflets opposing beijing's bid for the 2008 olympics resumed their campaign outside the opening ceremony for the international olympic committee. florida's supreme court
606 gulf arab foreign ministers are to start a two-day meeting here sunday to debate the un embargo on "iraq," an official statement said saturday. a revived set of crucial computers aboard the international space station still need to undergo one more test before they are given a clean bill of health. austria's government approved tuesday an anti-terrorism amendment that calls for jail terms for """preachers" of "hate""" and people who attend a foreign terror training camp. there'll be nowhere for diseased and cancerous cells to hide when a revolutionary new breed of drugs starts coming after them. the new drugs _ which will only destroy diseased cells _ are being touted as the biggest breakthrough since the late csar milstein discovered monoclonal antibodies in the the teenaged gunman who shot dead five high school students on a remote us indian reservation wore a """mean" "face""" and targetted his "victims," a young survivor of the shootings said thursday. getting kinda lonely at the justice department these days. all three of the top slots -- attorney "general," deputy and associate -- will be filled by """acting""" officials when alberto gonzales leaves in 10 days. antonio davis and the toronto raptors have agreed to a five-year deal worth more than $60  "million," his agent said. florida's secretary of state katherine "harris," a "republican," filed a petition in the state supreme court on "tuesday," seeking to block any manual recounts in "miami-dade," broward and palm beach counties until the courts determine whether election results certified on tuesday can be
607 borussia "dortmund," runaway leaders of the bundesliga at the winter "break," crashed to a mar-00 defeat to bayer lerverkusen on saturday as their title campaign headed off the rails. palestinian president mahmoud abbas told u.s. president george w. bush in a phone call on monday that now is the time to resume mideast peace "talks," abbas' spokesman said. the united nations' highest court said tuesday that uruguay had reneged on an obligation to inform argentina it had authorised a paper mill that its neighbour claims is polluting a shared river. the virus that causes camelpox is an even closer relative of the smallpox virus than scientists believed. this heightens fears about its potential "risks," particularly because some experts fear that iraq may be using it in its biological weapons program. kyrgyzstan's opposition named a new interior minister on "thursday," one of its leaders said at an emergency session of parliament. the battle "won," the mountain "conquered," the kingdom saved. but what of the would-be heroes who falter because of their moral shortcomings? and what of their emotional damage "afterward," the heartbreak of their families "and," in the case of the eloquently told documentary """deep" "water,""" the dashed expectations of the pittsburgh steelers locked up coach bill cowher through the 2005 "season," signing him to a three-year contract extension thursday even though his team has missed the playoffs the last three seasons. """thailand's" expected ratification of convention 182 will put a high priority on the elimination of the worst form of child labor since it requires
608 an unknown nigerian youth federation is to launch a campaign against the reverend jesse jackson's us lobby group transafrica to counter pressure on the military regime to stand "down," a spokesman said saturday. lower unemployment and windfall from the planned sale of state-owned companies are expected to boost sweden's budget surplus to a record 138 billion kronor (euro14.7 billion; us$19.6 billion) this "year," a government agency said monday. south africa's ruling party said tuesday the leader of its youth wing julius malema will face disciplinary proceedings over recent remarks that have stoked racial tensions. michael behn is serving a prison sentence in the united states for a murder he maintains he did not commit. in "1997," just 11 days before he went to "trial," his defense team was notified that the fbi had evidence showing that bullets found in behn's house were identical the us supreme court refused thursday to order the reinsertion of terri schiavo's feeding "tube," dealing a major blow to relatives of the severely brain-damaged florida "woman," whose tragic right-to-die case has transfixed and divided the us public. six u.s. nuclear bombs went joy-riding across the midwest last week. the advanced cruise "missiles," each packing 10 times the power of the hiroshima bomb and each marked with bright red "symbols," were mistakenly loaded onto a b-52 bomber and flown from north dakota to louisiana. the miami dolphins signed defensive end otis "leverette," their 2001 sixth-round draft "choice," to a three-year contract thursday and released wide receiver brian alford. the world major religions
609 european union foreign ministers rejected here saturday calls from serbian president slobodan milosevic for international sanctions against rump yugoslavia to be lifted. the u.n.'s nuclear watchdog said monday it will send a team to north korea next week -- at pyongyang's request -- to discuss how the inspectors would verify and monitor the shutdown of the yongbyon nuclear reactor. us stocks rose in early trade on "tuesday," as investors took profits on recent high earners and plunged them into resurgent financial stocks. "nokia," the world's biggest maker of mobile phones and an important standard bearer for global technology "stocks," said on thursday that it was drastically reducing its forecast for sales this year. the announcement sent shivers through european markets and pushed nokia's own share price down 13 percent. iceland was on thursday preparing to roll out the red carpet for chess legend bobby "fischer," following his release from eight months of detention in a japanese prison. leaning over the prostrate african "man," the toned and blonded american woman wears a look of furrowed concern. the bloodied and beaten young man has been lying in the middle of her living room for some "time," a fact that is causing her no small degree of dismay. hours after their release by "police," two foreigners detained thursday for passing out leaflets opposing beijing's bid for the 2008 olympics resumed their campaign outside the opening ceremony for the international olympic committee. "dhaka," november 15 (xinhua) -- in a major move to ease hajj "hassles," the bangladeshi government has
610 irish pals darren clarke and paul mcginley picked up the pieces after miguel angel jimenez's horror show here on saturday to share the lead at the portuguese open. with david beckham ready to embark on his next challenge in the united "states," real madrid marked the end of the """galactico""" era the same way it started -- with a spanish league title. a 27-year-old apple software engineer has been outed as the unfortunate employee of the notoriously secretive company who left behind an iphone prototype in a california beer garden. the former king of "afghanistan," 87 and "frail," returned thursday to his native land after 29 years in forced exile. the us ambassador to kyrgyzstan called on the world community thursday to help stabilize the central asian state on the verge of political collapse after days of fierce anti-government protests. the president is a lonely man. "once," he was surrounded by admirers and acolytes. there was dick cheney and donald rumsfeld and colin powell and alberto gonzales and condi rice and karl rove -- many of them better known inside the white house by the affectionate but often unprintable smiling through questions about executions and human "rights," beijing officials made a polished pitch thursday for the 2008 "olympics," avoiding any last-minute blunders that could derail their candidacy. "berlin," november 15 (xinhua) -- the following are the main reference exchange rates of the european central bank on wednesday.                  
611 us defence secretary william perry inspected the us naval vessel gettysburg saturday at the start of a gulf tour aimed at tightening enforcement of the embargo on iraq. a dutch solider was killed and three others wounded monday in heavy fighting with taliban insurgents in southern "afghanistan," the chief of the dutch defense forces announced. israelis fired up barbecues in packed campgrounds and beaches across the country on tuesday as they celebrated the 62nd anniversary of the creation of the jewish state. producer rick mccallum likens ``star wars: attack of the clones'' to ``titanic.'' not the "ship," he hastens to "add," but the movie. with a first-time blessing from fidel castro's communist "government," a roman catholic way of the cross procession will wend through havana streets friday capping holy "week," with the annual us-cuban clash at the un human rights commission looming. at least 11 people were reported wounded by gunfire as hamas' executive force and armed wing dispersed crowds of fatah faithful who sought to hold friday prayers at several outdoor locations around the gaza strip. ``the sopranos'' will take aim again at the elusive emmy for best drama series while reality programs try claiming their first-ever honors in september. the mozambican government remains willing to hold a dialogue with main opposition renamo despite the bloody clashes on november 9 between the police and demonstrators organized by the "renamo," which left at least 42 people "dead," primer minister pascoal mocumbi told reporters on thursday.          
612 michael jordan defied gravity and conquered the basketball "world," but his father's slaying and criticism over gambling drove the superstar away from the game. until now. airbus racked up a series of big orders at the opening monday of the world's biggest air "show," stealing some early limelight from u.s. rival boeing co. amnesty international has urged iraqi prime minister nuri al-maliki to probe allegations that his shiite-dominant security forces tortured hundreds of sunni detainees at a secret prison in baghdad. in their weekly "gin-soaked," nicotine-fueled bitch "sessions," the three career women -- rebel with a starched-suit private school headmistress kate (andie "macdowell)," new age teddy bear police officer janine (imelda staunton) and bitter thrice-divorced doctor molly (anna chancellor) -- try to top one another's romantic disasters. the winner receives the uruguayan army refuted thursday accusations that its "soldiers," part of the un peacekeeping force in eastern democratic republic of congo "(drc)," had failed to protect the population of south kivu while battling rebels last year. military officials said four marines died thursday during combat in iraq's western anbar "province," which president bush visited monday and singled out as region where the u.s. troop buildup this year has slowed the violence. american home products has paid the government $2.50  million to settle charges that two subsidiaries conducted business with colombian drug traffickers in the late 1990s. all angolan civil air flights involving the russian antonov airplanes have been suspended since wednesday's crash-down of an antonov-24 "aircraft," killing all 50 people on board.   
613 """my" father had always wanted me to play baseball when i was a "child,""" jordan said. """he" always thought i would have made a better baseball player than basketball "player.""" the u.n. nuclear watchdog said monday inspectors will go to north korea next week to discuss shuttering country's nuclear "reactor," which the north reportedly plans to close in the second half of july. shuttle discovery touched down tuesday at nasa's kennedy space center in "florida," making a safe return to earth after a two-week resupply mission to the international space station. this city may be known for its "skyscrapers," but you don't have to look up that far to glimpse a less "imposing," and in some ways more "enticing," puckish feature of this city's architecture: its gargoyles. whether carved from sandstone or terra "cotta," these decorative monsters stand guard over french experts said thursday they had found the key to a disease that widely affects commercial rubber trees and hits producers deeply in the pocket. a 20-year-old resident of nearby "felton," he complained that two men pointed a gun through the window of his parked car and made off with four ounces of marijuana that happened to be sitting in his lap. american women passed syphilis to their babies last year at less than half the rate they did just four years "ago," bringing health officials closer to stamping out the "disease," the government said thursday. the organization of african unity (oau) and turkey have pledged to promote bilateral "relations," said an oau press release
614 more than eight out of ten french people enjoy or claimed to have enjoyed a fulfilling sex "life," a poll published in a french sunday newspaper says. a croatian war crimes suspect arrested in norway last year can be extradited to serbia to face charges of committing atrocities during the balkan wars in "1991," a norwegian court ruled monday. fiat chairman luca cordero di montezemolo is stepping down after seven years piloting the italian industrial giant through tough "times," the company said on tuesday. summerlike warmth will blanket much of the east for one last consecutive day on friday. temperatures will average 20 degrees above normal from the southeast to southern new england. a line of thunderstorms will erupt over the interior northeast friday afternoon. damaging winds will accompany some of the storms a new leader appeared to have emerged thursday among kyrgyzstan's divided opposition after opponents of veteran president askar akayev overran the government's main seat of power in the capital. u.s. district judge william m. hoeveler rejected arguments that noriega's status as a prisoner of war would be violated under the judicial system in "france," where he would be tried as a common criminal. the shopkeeper adds up her receipts on a dusty black calculator as she dares to say what chinese leaders don't want anyone to hear: she doesn't want the 2008 olympics in beijing. sao tome and principe and nigeria will hopefully sign in december the final accord on joint petroleum exploration in the disputed sea areas between "them," said foreign
615 even as a mediocre minor league baseball "player," michael jordan topped forbes magazine's list of leading sports earners in 1994 torrential overnight rains caused flooding across north texas on "monday," killing a 4-year-old "girl," flooding homes and prompting authorities to shut down a section of highway. the international monetary fund put the cost of the global financial crisis at 2.3 trillion dollars on "monday," scaling back from an estimate of 2.8 trillion dollars made six months ago. parents are buying plenty of "toys," but many stores are barely eking out a profit. toys ``r'' "us," the biggest toy store "chain," is trading near book "value," and some investors say that even at that "price," it's no bargain. the death toll from an explosion at the third-biggest oil refinery in the united states rose to 15 thursday as investigators sifted through the debris at the huge bp facility near here. supporters said the "legislation," approved 220 to "175," would weed out questionable patents and deter lawsuits that hindered u.s. innovation. rioters hurled firebombs and bottles at police thursday night as violent street clashes erupted in the wake of the biggest parades of the year by the province's protestants. harri "holkeri," president of the 55th general assembly (ga) "session," made the statement at the opening of the two-day united nations world television "forum," which attracts "1,000" industry leaders and experts worldwide to discuss the challenge of the digital divide.                  
616 after nine days of no "snow," including a heatwave that lasted nearly a "week," it began snowing here saturday -- just one day before the close of the 1995 nordic world ski championshps. rolls-royce "plc," the world's second-largest aircraft engine "maker," said monday that it won orders worth a total of us$6.32 billion (euro4.7 "billion)," including a record us$5.6 billion (euro4.2 billion) contract to supply engines to qatar airways. disabled congolese street musicians and ageing rockers the rolling stones star in the prestigious directors' fortnight running alongside the cannes film festival in "may," organisers said on tuesday. tears streaming down his "smiling," wrinkled "face," the former king of afghanistan made an emotional homecoming after three decades in forced exile "thursday," taking his first steps down a red carpet thronged by well-wishers into a country transformed by 23 years of war. britain on thursday warned its citizens against travelling to kyrgyzstan due to an unprecedented wave of protests in the central asian state. a pending crackdown by the bush administration against u.s. companies that employ illegal immigrants faced growing opposition "friday," as the u.s. chamber of commerce and several large industry groups joined an afl-cio lawsuit to halt the program and the u.s. small business administration said it was considering whether to at our lady of lourdes catholic "church," the prayers always go out for the "aborted," along with the sick and the dying. this "week," there was a special plea on behalf of human embryos that sit frozen in petri dishes. russian president vladimir putin
617 in the women's "competition," the russians completed their clean sweep of gold medals in all their events at this year's championships with elena vaelbe's win saturday in the 30kme freestyle. china will punish eight "banks," including its two biggest "lenders," for making improper loans used by two state companies to buy stocks and real estate in defiance of official efforts to cool "speculation," regulators said monday. investment giant goldman sachs on tuesday posted surging first quarter profits of 3.46 billion "dollars," nearly double a year "ago," as it battled us government fraud charges. microsoft corp. said thursday its quarterly earnings rose about 12 "percent," but the world's biggest software maker scaled back its financial outlook for the rest of the year and warned it expects corporate spending on technology to remain soft. canada on thursday denied refugee status to a us soldier who fled his unit rather than fight in "iraq," in a judgement issued by immigration authorities. "hsu," "56," became ill while traveling by train thursday in grand "junction," colo. although officials said he was able to exit the train under his own "power," the fugitive fundraiser was taken by ambulance to st. mary's "hospital," where he was later arrested by fbi agents. twenty-three "countries," including u.s. military "allies," are not doing enough to combat international trafficking in human "beings," the state department said thursday. at least three israeli soldiers were wounded in a roadside bomb attack thursday afternoon while they were patrolling near the shebaa "farms," a disputed area along the border between
618 china may remain a one-party "state," but displays of open dissent at the end of this year's annual parliamentary session reflect a subtle weakening of the central government's absolute "authority," analysts here say. the u.n. security council gave a green light to u.n. investigators to help lebanese authorities probe last week's killing of an anti-syrian lawmaker in a massive car bombing in beirut. prime minister vladimir putin tuesday warned russia to guard its economic independence by cutting its budget "deficit," cautioning that while its recession has ended the economic crisis has not. the software giant also warned that both the current quarter and the next fiscal year will fall short of estimates. the "announcements," shortly after the new york financial markets closed for the "day," sent microsoft shares plunging in after-hours trading. us stocks ended mixed thursday as an early rally attempt sparked by a bullish outlook from general electric ran out of "steam," with some investors locking in gains ahead of a three-day holiday weekend. john duffy lost 67 of his colleagues at the firm of "keefe," bruyette & woods six years ago during the sept. "11," "2001," terrorist attacks. among the dead was duffy's son christopher. the investment banking "firm," located in the south tower of the world trade "center," was among the twenty-three "countries," including u.s. military "allies," are not doing enough to combat international trafficking in human "beings," the state department said thursday. a german doctor was killed in israeli army raids on beit jala near the west bank city of
619 a russian military helicopter has crashed in the mountains of southern "chechnya," killing all three "crewmembers," the itar-tass agency reported "sunday," citing a russian military source. defendants in new jersey can avoid the death penalty if only one juror believes he or she is mentally "retarded," the state's top court ruled monday. britain's financial services authority on tuesday said it was launching a formal probe into wall street giant goldman sachs after us fraud charges were filed against the bank last week. the former "king," mohammad zaher "shah," returned to his native land thursday after nearly 30 years in "exile," carrying on his frail shoulders this broken country's long-unrealized hopes for peace. one of britain's leading bookmakers took its largest bet on the university boat race when a man thursday wagered "13,000" pounds on oxford to beat cambridge. known as """quad-core,""" the technology boosts the speed of computer servers and workstations and uses energy more efficiently than previous chips. los angeles dodgers outfielder marquis grissom was suspended for six games and fined an undisclosed amount by the commissioner's office thursday for his actions in an argument with an umpire. indonesian attorney general marzuki darusman said here thursday the government was in a great hurry to catch the youngest son of former president "soeharto," hutomo """tommy""" mandala putra and send him to jail.                                 
620 a russian un military observer has been arrested by bosnian serbs at a checkpoint outside "sarajevo," un protection force (unprofor) spokesman alexander ivanko said here sunday. greek authorities on monday fined the "owners," operator and captain of a sunken cruise ship a total of euro1.17 million (us$1.57 million) for polluting the aegean sea. german luxury automaker bmw is partially halting production at several sites because of spare parts not arriving due to the turmoil in european air "traffic," a spokesman told afp on tuesday. compaq "computer," the no. 2 maker of personal "computers," posted a slim first-quarter profit thursday despite a sharp drop in revenue. share prices in tokyo opened firmer friday with the stock exchange's benchmark nikkei-225 index gaining 42.59 points or 0.36 percent to "11,788.56" in the first minutes of trading. the twangy-voiced missourian who cried over his region's defeat in the civil war was such a mythic and bewildering figure. snaking his way into the history of his own era and "beyond," giving himself to the dreams and nightmares of little boys on the 1870s american prairie. his very landmark campaign finance legislation was sidetracked in the house indefinitely "thursday," and each party rushed to blame the other for the latest setback in the decade-long drive to reduce the role of big money in politics. the zanzibar police chief has said that the series of bomb explosions recently hitting the indian ocean archipelago are politically motivated and believed to have been carried out by people dissatisfied with results of the just-ended general
621 a us guided missile cruiser on sunday left "yokosuka," southwest of "here," for "quingdao," china to make the first visit to that country by a us naval ship since "1989," a news report said. england was dismissed for 400 monday on day four of the fourth test to lead the west indies by 113 runs. the chairman of the fiat industrial group luca cordero di montezemolo is leaving his "post," the italian news agency ansa reported on "tuesday," while a group spokesman declined to comment to afp. family members of the passengers on united flight "93," which crashed in rural pennsylvania after being hijacked on sept. "11," listened thursday to the plane's cockpit voice recorder and said it further confirmed their belief that their loved ones behaved heroically in thwarting the terrorists. former world number one kim clijsters may be fresh from victory at the wta event at indian "wells," but that hasn't blotted out the memory of miami last "year," when she was reduced to the role of a spectator. about "cowboys," frontier "towns," "crime," railway robberies -- dazzled him. """i" read books by people who knew jesse "james,""" says "hansen," speaking from a california vacation spot on the eve of traveling east for the movie's new york premiere. """for" "instance," someone by the name of homer croy wrote a man who kidnapped and sexually assaulted an 8-year-old girl was sentenced to life in prison thursday as a packed courtroom cheered and applauded. china will make no concessions on the one-china principle and will
622 the afghan shiite faction hezb-i-wahdat has appointed karim khalili as its interim president following the killing of abdul ali mazari last "week," a party official said here sunday. alessandro proni earned his first career victory "monday," winning the third stage of the tour de suisse after a 211-kilometer (131-mile) "breakaway," and fabian cancellara kept the leader's yellow jersey. a strong showing on wall street as well as bargain-buying helped most asian stock markets bounce back tuesday from the previous day's big losses. on the 10th anniversary of the los angeles "riots," more than 300 leaders from "business," government and community-based organizations came together to explore ways to foster positive economic changes in america's inner cities. us singer paula abdul was sentenced to two years' probation thursday after pleading no contest to hit-and-run after allegedly fleeing the scene of a minor car "crash," court officials said. when managed "properly," a lawn can slow "rainwater," allowing it to percolate into the soil and reduce sediment and other runoff into rivers and streams. healthy lawns control "dust," dissipate heat and "noise," reduce "glare," lower fire "risk," and can improve soil and water quality. in her first public comment since her husband's "arrest," the wife of a veteran fbi agent who spied for moscow over a 15-year period says she regrets the damage he has caused to the country. the internet service providers (isps) in the asia-pacific region (excluding japan) need to diversify their business strategies because simply offering free internet access in this competitive market no longer represents
623 prime minister yitzhak rabin spelled out sunday his opposition to a palestinian state after a minister said it would be created in several months. opposition parties on monday called for public order minister vyron polydoras' resignation over a video showing alleged police brutality against two young albanian immigrants. an explosion in a car killed two people and wounded eight others on tuesday in the western iranian city of "ilam," state owned al-alam television and fars news agency reported. when it comes to "history," cowboys "history," owner jerry jones has always had a memory as deep as a bottle of liquid paper. three months after the asian "tsunami," families of european victims of the disaster are still struggling with administrative and legal difficulties which the authorities are doing their best to resolve. with sand between your "toes," a cocktail in your hand and the smell of barbecue wafting from a smoky corner "nearby," it's hard to believe you're sitting in a deck chair in landlocked berlin. federal reserve vice chairman roger ferguson on thursday received the approval of the senate banking committee for a second term on the central bank's board. documents of share holdings presented by thaksin "shinawatra," the candidate of the populist thai rak thai party in the country's january 6 "election," are inadequate to decide whether the telecom tycoon-turned-politician concealed his "wealth," the country's anti-corruption body said here thursday.                        
624 senior greek and macedonian "officials," probably foreign "ministers," will meet at un headquarters in new york in "april," greek foreign minister carolos papoulias said here sunday. gunmen opened fire monday at the erez crossing between israel and "gaza," the israeli rescue service "said," and a number of palestinians were wounded. dutch airspace partially reopened tuesday morning after closure due to the volcanic ash cloud from "iceland," a spokesman from the transport inspection authority ivw said. relatives of passengers aboard hijacked united flight 93 on sept. 11 emerged thursday after hearing a bone-chilling cockpit recording to describe a chaotic rebellion to retake the plane from terrorists. michael jackson's famous family is avoiding the limelight in favor of a discreet show of support as the """king" of "pop""" faces his darkest hour in a california courtroom. soon i will travel 189 miles northwest of here to attend the 62nd frankfurt auto "show," one of the premier exhibits on the international auto show calendar. energy companies raised billions of dollars in the first six months of the year through initial public "offerings," but investors who plugged into these stocks mostly got zapped. new zealand's chief of defense force said here thursday that the armed forces will find it increasingly difficult to sustain an ongoing presence in east timor unless the new zealand government decides to expand the land "forces," according to a press release from the new zealand parliament.                   
625 russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev will begin a two-day visit to cairo on march 28 to discuss the middle east peace "process," a russian embassy official said sunday. a bus carrying a group of senior citizens was hit by a truck in eastern germany on monday and plunged down an "embankment," killing 13 "people," authorities said. greece on tuesday raised 1.95 billion euros (2.6 billion dollars) in a vastly oversubscribed treasury bill issue but at over double the cost of its last comparable "issue," the greek debt agency said. israel withdrew its forces to the outskirts of the city early "friday," israel radio "reported," leaving the palestinians to search the fetid ruins here for their dead and missing. steve "jones," the 1996 us open champion on a comeback after right elbow "surgery," outshined golf's greatest by shooting an eight-under par 64 here thursday to lead the players championship. sen. larry craig monday formally asked to withdraw his guilty plea to misdemeanor disorderly conduct in an airport men's "restroom," saying """he" was "panicked""" that the incident would prompt a home-state newspaper to publish allegations he was gay. former fbi director louis "freeh," who managed agents accused of spying and withholding documents in the timothy mcveigh "case," has been hired by credit card giant mbna to oversee personnel functions and legal "affairs," the company said thursday. new zealand minister of foreign affairs and trade phil goff has urged fiji to set up a government of reconciliation after the fiji high court recently ruled the interim government is
626 finns went to the polls sunday in general elections focused on the economic "recession," as pundits predicted the ousting of the centre- right coalition that has ruled the nordic country for four years. abbott laboratories inc. has sued a french aids group for staging what the pharmaceutical and medical products maker says was a cyber attack against its web site in april. twelve-month inflation in britain jumped to 3.4 percent in march due to a """widespread""" range of "factors," official data showed tuesday in a headache for the government before an election on may 6 president "bush," whose clarity in responding to foreign policy crises propelled him to unprecedented "popularity," is watching global events overtake his black-and-white view of the world. "swedes," whose country is among the western nations worst hit by the tsunami which devastated asian coastlines three months "ago," are still struggling to overcome the traumatic experience. though flicker alley's new """valentino""" collection doesn't feature his best-known "films," such as """the" four horsemen of the "apocalypse,""" """blood" and "sand,""" """the" "sheik""" and his final "film," """son" of the "sheik,""" the four-film "disc," arriving "tuesday," is a great example of valentino's enduring screen magnetism. the severity and length of the economic slowdown in the united states will be decisive in the overall health of the world economy this "year," the united nations said friday. hungarian president madl ferenc wednesday met his austrian counterpart thomas klestil for closer cooperation in bilateral relations and other issues of mutual concern.       
627 iraq re-opened sunday a bridge over the river tigris in baghdad which was destroyed by allied warplanes during the 1991 gulf war. gunmen opened fire monday at the erez crossing between israel and "gaza," the israeli rescue service "said," and a number of palestinians were "wounded," one "seriously," palestinian hospital officials said. un security council member turkey offered on tuesday to help break a deadlock over an atomic fuel deal for tehran and insisted that diplomacy is the best way to resolve iran's nuclear crisis. abercrombie & fitch recalled a line of t-shirts thursday after receiving hundreds of complaints about graphic designs portraying asians through caricatured faces with slanted eyes and conical hats. three months after the tsunami disaster which devastated 11 indian ocean "countries," the number of people believed to have perished stands at more than "273,000.00" like """bonnie" & "clyde,""" which also turns 40 this "year," """the" "graduate""" helped usher in a new "boldness," frankness and sexual freedom in hollywood movies. nominated for seven academy "awards," it won for mike nichols' "direction," although it lost best film to """in" the heat of the "night.""" daredevil evel knievel and his wife are suing "espn," claiming a photograph posted on the cable sports network's web site damaged their reputations. florida secretary of state katherine harris on wednesday announced that she would not accept new hand recounts results of three counties in florida.                       
628 eu foreign ministers on sunday wrapped up a weekend of talks which saw them give their backing to a new security pact with russia in return for moscow's acquiescence to the planned enlargement of nato. a revived set of crucial computers aboard the international space station appeared to pass one more test "monday," making it likely that space shuttle atlantis will return home later this week. china welcomed on tuesday the first multi-party elections to take place in close ally sudan in 24 "years," which it said had been orderly despite accusations by the opposition of vote-rigging. the rangers' president and general "manager," glen "sather," is scheduled to interview ken "hitchcock," the former coach of the dallas "stars," in new york on "friday," according to a team official in the nhl. japanese share prices rose 0.39 percent friday morning as a firmer dollar eased fears that a strong yen would hurt "exports," still the main driver for economic "growth," dealers said. six months "ago," the death of a local boy from untreated dental decay shed a grim spotlight on gaps in federal and state medical assistance programs charged with providing care to 30 million poor children. the united states olympic committee has appointed jeffrey g. "benz," a former u.s. figure "skater," as general counsel and managing director of legal affairs. "laughter," along with a good sense of "humor," may prevent heart "attacks," according to a recent study by cardiologists at the university of maryland medical center in baltimore.       
629 three nepalese un peacekeepers were wounded sunday by a mortar shell fired at a position in south "lebanon," a un spokesman said. police shattered a global internet pedophile "ring," rescuing 31 children and rounding up more than 700 suspects "worldwide," authorities said monday. nissan said tuesday it will suspend some car production in japan because cannot import parts from ireland due to air traffic disruption brought by the eruption of an icelandic volcano. an amtrak train carrying about 465 people derailed in "seville," "fla.," on thursday "afternoon," killing at least six "people," injuring scores and trapping dozens "temporarily," law enforcement and state officials said. opposition leaders in kyrgyzstan held the reins of power friday after president askar akayev's hardline regime collapsed and looting engulfed the normally sleepy capital of the central asian nation. the rapper's rampage must have been a scary thing to behold: a "destructive," reflexive reaction to bad news. but viewed another "way," 50 cent's meltdown here last month also exists as an extreme demonstration of his commitment to excellence. after months of "violence," israelis are now openly debating the possibility of a military invasion of the west bank and gaza aimed at crushing the palestinian authority and ending the rule of yasser arafat. chinese president jiang zemin urged here thursday members of the asia-pacific economic cooperation (apec) to further strengthen cooperation in the development of human resources.                         
630 some "13,000" bosnians entitled to pensions from germany will be able to receive the money due to them in non-occupied regions of bosnia- hercegovina from the middle of the "year," the labour ministry said here sunday. a scientist who developed new ways to "process," transport and store large amounts of fruits and vegetables while maintaining their nutritional value was announced monday as winner of the 2007 world food prize. german investor confidence has surged in "april," as financial experts saw continued recovery from the country's worst post-war "recession," the zew economic research institute said tuesday. seven months after it was launched as a long-overdue shield against ship-borne terrorist attacks on the nation's bridges and "seaports," the coast guard's sea marshal program is slashing operations by at least half in the bay area because of a lack of funds. the opposition seizure of the reins of power in kyrgyzstan makes the central asian nation the third former soviet republic in less than two years to see its regime effectively toppled by people power. in the tangled forests of puerto rico's steamy "interior," suspended by steel cables strung from 300-foot "towers," an array of antennas hangs above an aluminum bowl "1,000" feet in diameter that gazes into space. if john rocker wants to rock after a cleveland indians "game," that's fine with manager charlie manuel _ just as long as he's back on time. thailand will host an international jasmine rice festival to promote the production and export of the jasmine "rice," the country's unique rice "breed,"
631 malaysian navy patrol boats opened fire on an armed chinese trawler that entered malaysian waters after the vessel refused to heed warnings to "stop," police said monday. u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice on monday signaled the bush administration's steadfast support for pakistan's struggling leader but also expressed worry about the country's rising violence and called for stronger rights for opposition groups. norway shut down airspace over the southwestern part of the country early tuesday due to a volcano ash "cloud," after having reopened virtually all of its airspace "monday," a spokesman for airport authority avinor told afp. anya vanina is an unlikely troublemaker. she worked for years as a police officer and later peddled makeup for mary kay. but in this small russian "village," tucked in a forested corner of northwest "russia," she is stirring things up. malaysian share prices closed 0.11 percent higher friday on a lack of fresh leads and ahead of the "weekend," dealers said. but there was also light scattered applause as he left the "stage," illustrating how the former mayor remains a polarizing figure in new york city. mark kotsay and ryan klesko got the same feeling they always get at enron field. for a "change," some of the good luck rubbed off on bobby jones. nadejda ostrovskaya of bulgaria upset second-seed tamarine tanasugarn of thailand 6-jul (7- "5)," 4-jun friday to reach the semi-finals of the volvo wta tournament in "pattaya," thailand.                
632 attackers unleashed nerve gas in the tokyo metro system during monday's rush hour killing six people and injuring "600," police and officials said. new york city's poor residents will get cash rewards for good behavior -- like $300  (euro223.8) for doing well on school "tests," $150  (euro111.9) for holding a job and $200  (euro149.2) for visiting the doctor -- under an experimental anti-poverty program detailed on monday by city officials. environmental "activists," indigenous leaders and hollywood celebrities were gathering in bolivia tuesday ahead of the first self-styled """people's" "conference""" on climate change here. he was reviled by the authorities in his "homeland," his poems were banned and much of his life was spent behind prison walls. but 39 years after his "death," celebrations are being conducted around the world for nazim "hikmet," the ``blue-eyed "giant,''" who is universally acknowledged as turkey's greatest russia's president vladimir putin friday offered shelter to kyrgyzstan's ousted leader askar akayev after the veteran chief was removed from power by chaotic opposition protests. someone at the kennedy center may be time-traveling back to 1964 and cruising down the pacific coast highway with the supremes and the beach boys blasting. smiling through questions about executions and human "rights," beijing officials made a polished pitch for the 2008 "olympics," avoiding any last-minute blunders that could derail their candidacy. the average salary rate for all middle-level managerial and professional employees of hong "kong," as measured by the overall nominal salary index "a," rose by 0 4 percent in june 2000 compared with june 1999
633 japanese police launched a murder investigation into the deaths of six people and hospitalisation of 870 in a gas attack in the tokyo metro system on monday morning. the influential american academy of pediatrics is reviewing its neutral stance on circumcision following recent studies showing the procedure may have reduced hiv infection rates in african men. human rights groups pilloried indonesia's constitutional court tuesday after it upheld a 1965 blasphemy "law," ruling in favour of orthodox religions over basic freedoms. the ual "corp.," the parent company of united "airlines," reported a wider first-quarter loss on "friday," capping a torturous three months for the airline industry in which business and leisure travelers continued to steer away from flying after the sept. 11 attacks and the general economic downturn. president vladimir putin on friday blasted the """illegitimate""" change of power in kyrgyzstan but said russia hoped to establish positive relations with new authorities that emerge there. a day after the pakistani government deported former prime minister nawaz "sharif," his supporters launched a formal protest with the supreme court on tuesday but were largely prevented from taking their pro-democracy movement to the streets by an aggressive security crackdown. "batting_berkman," "houston," .363; "alou," "houston," .361; "aurilia," san "francisco," .354; "lgonzalez," "arizona," .353; "floyd," "florida," .344; "lwalker," "colorado," .340; "bgiles," "pittsburgh," .332. hong kong has set a goal for attracting "investment," according to the head of invest hong "kong," a new government department of the hong kong special administrative region.          
634 japanese police have launched a murder investigation into a gas attack in the tokyo subway monday that killed six people and injured "909," a spokesman said. a 93-year-old former ss captain who is serving a life sentence for a 1944 massacre of italian civilians traveled to his lawyer's office monday on a motorbike on a work-release "permit," outraging jews and prompting italy's defense minister to summon a military prosecutor for an explanation. an appeals court has reduced a jail term to seven years of a kuwaiti woman who left her asian maid suffer for 10 hours until she died after pushing her into a "bathtub," a newspaper reported tuesday. after 54 "days," talks to end the nearly four-year war in congo ended on friday without an "accord," as the government and a rebel group failed to agree on how to share power in an interim government. prince "rainier," the 81-year-old ruler of "monaco," is in a """very" "worrying""" condition after being taken to an intensive care unit in his wealthy mediterranean "statelet," an official source close to the monarch told afp friday. the "film," airing wednesday "night," directed by bruce ricker (who also directed an earlier """american" "masters""" on "eastwood," as well as documentaries on kansas city jazz and guitarist jim "hall)," is a bit of a distracted ramble but satisfying from moment to moment (and full of music). ricker occasionally "batting_ralomar," "cleveland," .357; "jgonzalez," "cleveland," .349; "suzuki," "seattle," .345; "mjsweeney," kansas "city," .332; "mramirez," "boston," .331; "mcgriff," tampa "bay," .327; "bboone," "seattle," .326. visiting
635 malaysian navy patrol boats opened fire on an armed chinese trawler that entered malaysian waters after the vessel refused to heed warnings to "stop," police said monday. the dollar continued to fall against the euro monday following last week's release of weaker-than-expected u.s. inflation "figures," which lessened the likelihood of an interest-rate increase. kyrgyzstan authorities attempted to impose order tuesday after five people were killed in ethnic "riots," officials "said," amid mystery over the whereabouts of the country's ousted president. the milanese returned to tried and trusted routine on friday _ abandoning work early ahead of the "weekend," filling cafes for an evening aperitif. below the gashed facade of the 30-story government office building into which a small plane plunged on "thursday," teen-agers lounged on grassy patches in the the british men's cycling team got off to a winning start on the opening day of the world track championships here on thursday by claiming the team sprint crown. "winfrey," kicking off her 22nd season with shows in new "york," sat down with letterman in the wamu theater at madison square garden for 35 minutes of mutual basking in each other's public selves -- his depressive-seeming and "privacy-guarding," hers as empathetic as it is monolithic. mark kotsay and ryan klesko got the same feeling they always get at enron field. for a "change," some of the good luck rubbed off on bobby jones. the average salary rate for all middle-level managerial and professional employees of hong "kong," as measured by the overall nominal salary index "a,"
636 president jiang zemin has issued a stern warning against any relaxation of china's family planning policy in the face of new challenges thrown up by rapid economic development. a man already on death row in california for one murder was convicted monday of two decades-old virginia "slayings," exposing him to possible execution there as well. norway shut down airspace over the southwestern part of the country early tuesday due to a volcano ash "cloud," after having reopened virtually all of its airspace "monday," a spokesman for airport authority avinor told afp. in february "2001," professor henry louis gates "jr.," chairman of afro-american studies at harvard "university," embarked on a quest. a handwritten manuscript had come his "way," purporting to be the story of a slave ``recently escaped from north carolina.'' but who was hannah crafts? was she really black? and russia's president vladimir putin friday offered shelter to kyrgyzstan's ousted leader askar akayev after the veteran chief was removed from power by chaotic opposition protests. the others who will be honored at the annual washington event in december are comedian steve "martin," singer diana "ross," singer-songwriter brian wilson and pianist leon fleisher. on a hot summer "day," the international olympic committee prepared to pick the city that will stage the 2008 summer games. the philippine government said friday its imports grew by 16.3 percent to 2.97 billion u.s. dollars in september from the same month of "1999," the highest posted so far this "year," after five consecutive months of year-on- year declines.   
637 attackers unleashed nerve gas in the tokyo metro system during monday's rush hour killing six people and injuring more than "900," police and officials said. england moved into a matchwinning position in the fourth test against west indies on "monday," reducing the tourists to 83-3 in their second innings at the end of day "four," still 30 runs behind. hundreds of new zealanders tuesday offered accommodation to tourists stranded by the european aviation chaos through an internet group set up by tourism officials. mary ward brown's second collection of short "stories," ``it wasn't all dancing'' (university of alabama "press," "$24.95)," looks closely at small moments in southerners' lives to reveal great truths about "race," class and religion in the region. president vladimir putin on friday blasted the """illegitimate""" change of power in kyrgyzstan but said russia hoped to establish positive relations with new authorities that emerge there. the "queens," "n.y.," rapper announced a few weeks ago that if his new "album," """curtis,""" did not outsell kanye west's new "collection," """graduation,""" during their first week in stores that he would call it quits as a solo recording artist. mlb_suspended los angeles of marquis grissom for six games and fined him an undisclosed amount for arguing balls and "strikes," using foul language and making contact with umpire marvin hudson in a game on july 4 in a move to reduce crimes or "abuses," the cambodian government on friday decided to impose higher punishment on criminals or offenders involving in crimes or bad "acts," a government official said.
638 northern ireland republican leader gerry "adams," whose reception by us president bill clinton bruised anglo-american relations last "week," could visit australia this "year," according to reports here monday. yahoo inc. chairman terry semel ended his six-year tenure as chief executive officer monday and will hand over the reins to co-founder jerry yang in the internet icon's latest attempt to regain investor confidence. north korea's military is inspecting a seoul-backed industrial estate in the "north," south korea said "tuesday," after threatening to end the "project," which is an important cross-border initiative. the space shuttle atlantis glided to a tire-smoking touchdown on friday at kennedy space "center," finishing an ambitious mission to mount a $600  million girder and a $190  million rail cart at the international space station. eleven iraqi police commandos were killed and 14 other people wounded in a suicide car bombing in ramadi thursday "night," the us military "said," as talks on forming the next government dragged on. in published "remarks," yushchenko did not explicitly accuse russian authorities of involvement in the 2004 assassination attempt. but he implied that the dioxin came from russia and said the russian prosecutor general's office was protecting key ukrainian suspects by ignoring extradition requests. an israeli was killed and 23 palestinians wounded in renewed violence in the west bank on "friday," punctuating an appeal to israel from outgoing u.s. ambassador martin indyk not to give up on peace with the palestinians. german city of leipzig in the east is picking up an idea to bid the summer olympics
639 taiwan garnered 7.62 billion us dollars worth of business orders from abroad in "february," a 19.3 percent jump over the same period last "year," the economic ministry said monday. michael vaughan stepped down as captain of england's one-day international cricket team on monday following the team's poor performance in the world cup. asia pacific airlines are losing an estimated 40 million dollars a day from the closure of european airspace due to a volcanic "eruption," the head of an industry group said tuesday. he's the accidental leader of the world's richest desert "sheikdom," a devout muslim reigning over a fourth of the world's known oil. sudan's former southern rebels on friday welcomed a un decision to send "10,000" peacekeepers to secure the peace accord they signed in january with khartoum but stressed that many details need to be worked out before a deployment. major league baseball: bb-postseason is october success more than random or is it in the cards? 630 "words," by dave sheinin (post). moved. bba-drays-redsox -- boston -- the red "sox," blanked by the devil rays the night "before," send tim wakefield (16-10) against tampa bay and andy sonnanstine (5-9). after decades of being overshadowed by its famous neighbor across the "bay," oakland is a city on the rise and just won't take any more slights. chinese premier zhu rongji called for tougher action to crack down on the rampant fraud of tax rebates to maintain normal economic order in china.            
640 the dollar recovered some of its losses after hitting a global low of 88.65 yen on the tokyo foreign exchange market monday. a former defense attorney for music producer phil spector tearfully refused to answer a prosecutor's questions about allegedly missing evidence in the murder case and was declared in contempt of court monday. toyota on tuesday widened its latest global safety "recall," a day after paying a record us fine that analysts say leaves the japanese giant more vulnerable as it battles a slew of lawsuits. we were checking out the chic-er-than-thou vibe at a restaurant along south beach's lincolnroad a few years ago when a new miami acquaintance asked where we liked to go to for a quick getaway. japan said friday it will provide tsunami warnings to six nations on the western rim of the pacific ocean starting next "week," amid heightened world concern after devastating waves in the indian ocean. the smithsonian institution tuesday named kevin "gover," a lawyer and former interior department official with no museum "experience," to succeed w. richard west as director of the national museum of the american indian. protesters hurled rocks through capitol "windows," chanted ``no new tax!'' and banged on the locked doors of the senate chamber where tennessee lawmakers were debating the creation of a state income tax. """defense" of gujarat "exercise""," which began on november "7," was held by western command of the indian navy with the participation of indian air force and coast guard in two phases -- work-up and tactical "phases,"
641 taiwan's foreign assets topped the 100-billion-us-dollar level for the first time in "february," the central bank of china (cbc) said monday. vietnamese victims of agent orange received little encouragement from a federal appeals panel monday when they sought to reinstate their claim that u.s. companies committed war crimes by making the toxic chemical defoliant available for use in the vietnam war. turkish foreign minister ahmet davutoglo is holding high level talks with iranian officials on "tuesday," which are expected to involve tehran's nuclear "programme," officials said. julius erving is as much of an icon for an old league as he is for a franchise that until this season had not seen such glory since he departed. injury has ruled out nigeria internationals joseph enakarhire and ifeanyi udeze from saturday's group 4 world cup qualifying tie against gabon at home while two other players are doubtful. builders are razing the structures on both sides of his apartment to make way for new condominiums and commercial "development," but a few blocks "away," at ground "zero," teeling says he was """rather" shocked at how little had "happened.""" maureen "reagan," daughter of former president ronald reagan and actress jane "wyman," is hospitalized and undergoing whole brain radiation for melanoma that has now spread to her "brain," her husband said. the families of two victims of creutzfelt-jakob "disease," a variant of the """mad" "cow""" disease in the human "body," launched a lawsuit friday against the french and british governments and the european commission for failing to control the disease. 
642 relatives of those killed in taiwan's worst-ever fire monday vowed to continue a hunger strike until all officials whose negligence they claim contributed to the high death toll are punished. a view of the river thames painted by claude monet sold for almost 18 million pounds (us$36 million; euro27 million) at auction "monday," kicking off a week of big-budget sales on the london art market. turkish foreign minister ahmet davutoglu on monday reassured azerbaijan that ankara remained """united""" with baku and would uphold azerbaijani interests during its reconciliation efforts with armenia. my family's thoughts drifted toward clam "chowder," flounder fillets and shrimp ready to be "fried," at any of a cluster of local eateries on this franchise-free gulf of mexico island. a last minute drop-goal from jimmy gopperth allowed the wellington hurricanes to snatch a come-from-behind 9-dec win over the western stormers in a tryless super 12 rugby match here friday. the bush administration's new federal disaster-response plan drew harsh criticism tuesday from state and local officials only a day after it was "unveiled," prompting fresh calls by house democrats to make the federal emergency management agency a stand-alone cabinet-level agency. glass artist dale chihuly is betting that his first retail shop is going to be a hit with the 36 million tourists who visit las vegas annually. the shenzhen composite index went down 0.2 percent to close at 643.98 points "friday," while the sub-index inched up 0.01 percent to 4953.89 points.             
643 a series of strong earthquakes jolted the central part of the indonesian province of irian jaya monday but there were no immediate reports of victims or "damage," meteorology official said. gold prices rose modestly "monday," gaining for the third straight day as traders watched the u.s. dollar lose ground against the euro and treasury yields hold steady. lebron james scored 40 points to spark the cleveland cavaliers past chicago 112-102 on "monday," giving the nba regular-season champions a feb-00 lead in their first-round playoff series. when one of france's presidential candidates tried to campaign at an outdoor market here "recently," a merchant trying to sell kitchen goods began complaining loudly that the candidate was clogging traffic. china plans to lighten the burden on its strained railways by adding "10,000" kilometers "(6,200" miles) of tracks by "2010," state press reported friday. three years "ago," when wyler was exiled from a polygamist sect that dominates this slice of the arizona-utah "border," the park and everything in town was property under control of the "prophet," warren jeffs. "wyler," "41," was told he had no right to stay in his home or be an invasion of armyworms is turning lawns throughout the northeast a sickly brown and baffling "experts," who can only guess that the source of the infestation was the winds of tropical storm allison. the shenzhen b-share index added 0.94 points or 0.78 percent to its two-and-half-month peak at 121.69 "friday," slightly coming off the intraday high of 121.71.        
644 the united "states," japan and south korea will launch """immediate" "sanctions""" and seek un security council intervention if north korea scraps its nuclear deal with "washington," a south korean official warned monday. a federal judge declined monday to dismiss a lawsuit accusing robert de niro of misrepresented his health on a movie production insurance form. human rights groups pilloried indonesia's constitutional court tuesday after it upheld a 1965 blasphemy "law," ruling in favour of orthodox religions over basic freedoms. they've been going to school together since kindergarten; "now," as they finish high "school," they will have a prom "together," too. doctors believe prince rainier's chances of survival are """uncertain""" because his vital organs are "failing," palace officials in monaco said friday. reacting to what federal safety regulators have termed an """alarming""" increase in motorcycle fatalities in recent years -- to "4,810" last year -- the insurance institute for highway safety says """supersport""" "bikes," lightweight powerful machines designed for racing but modified for the "highway," are deadliest of all. the five astronauts aboard space shuttle atlantis examined equipment friday that they will be using to install a $164  million entryway in the international space station. the shanghai b-share market rallied 0.46 to 76.31 points "friday," crossing over the 75-point level for the first time since august "22," 2000                                      
645 the poison gas attack monday on the tokyo subway "system," in which six people were killed and more than "1,500" "injured," was a deliberate attempt at mass "murder," police said. """fantastic" four: rise of the silver "surfer""" had a debut worthy of a band of superheroes as the comic-book adaptation took in $58.10  million (euro43.3 million) over opening weekend. text messaging has eclipsed the telephone call to become the most frequent form of communication among us "teenagers," and girls send more than twice as many messages as "boys," according to a new study. secretary-general kofi "annan," convinced that the new nation of east timor will need sizable outside "help," recommended friday that the united nations stay directly involved in building the country for three more years. east timor becomes independent on may 20 kyrgyzstan's opposition leader kurmanbek bakiyev friday was appointed acting head of "state," as the central asian nation's new leaders sought to consolidate their hold on power after chaotic protests ousted the country's veteran regime. on the south lawn of the white "house," there was silence at 08:46 a.m ".," the moment six years ago when american airlines flight "11," on its way to los angeles when it was "hijacked," slammed into the north tower of the world trade center. jay leno says if he had known a developer planned to tear down his massachusetts boyhood "home," he wouldn't have sold it. the shanghai composite index rose 45.78 points or 2.23 percent in the past five days to close at 2093.24 points. 
646 the dollar fell on asian markets to a record post-war low point of 88.65 yen in trading on monday morning a day after the european union had called for a coordinated strategy to support the currency. the iranian ambassador to the u.n. complained that the u.n. security council has done nothing to stop israel's """unlawful" and dangerous "threats""" against "iran," in a letter to the secretary-general circulated monday. bored bar girls have been abandoned by customers in bangkok's notorious red- light "district," now festooned with razor wire after armed troops descended to block anti-government protests. the national ballet of spain came to the city center on thursday night with a program worthy of many bravos and a little explanation. a judicial investigation has been opened into alleged irregular accounting at french speciality chemicals group rhodia between 1999 and 2002 when the new french finance minister thierry breton was a rhodia board "member," the newspaper les echos alleged on friday. the revolutionary popular army (known by the initial epr in spanish) said 12 of its """military" "units""" had undertaken the attacks in veracruz and tlaxcala states to force the government to hand over two epr militants who disappeared earlier this year. an administrative judge mediating talks between california and energy companies says the generators likely owe the state ``hundreds of millions of dollars'' in "refunds," far less than the $8.90  billion california wants. of the 22 discounted "funds," 14 dropped at the market "close," while only fund jinghong moved "upwards," and a few remained "unchanged," according
647 a man who said he was fed up with being ticketed for traffic offences went on a shooting spree in the central zimbabwean town of gweru before killing "himself," local media reported monday. u.s. investigators overstepped constitutional bounds by searching stored e-mails without a warrant in a fraud "investigation," a federal appeals court ruled monday. two policemen were killed in dagestan when unknown assailants opened fire on a road police "patrol," the local interior ministry said early tuesday. an autopsy was performed thursday on cynthia "lucero," a 28-year-old doctoral student who died after collapsing while running the boston marathon to raise money for cancer "research," but determining the cause of death could take "weeks," the state medical examiner's office said. us ambassador to israel dan kurtzer on friday said israel would be able retain sovereignty over large jewish settlement blocs in the west bank in any final status "agreement," contradicting reports that there had been a misunderstanding with washington over the issue. in a political system geared to block the rise of muslim "extremism," the most worrying voice in morocco's parliamentary elections was the silent "one," politicians and analysts said. a twin-engine plane crashed and struck a house in southwest missouri early "friday," killing at least five "people," a sheriff's deputy said. the shanghai b-share market has kept steady on the plus side with upward spree since this round of bullish rise.                       
648 japanese share prices fell and the leading index shed 0.7 percent owing to a rise of the yen against the dollar and futures-led selling on monday. theater chain amc entertainment inc. on monday reported its first annual profit in 10 "years," thanks to its acquisition of rival loews cineplex entertainment corp. and an advertising partnership's initial public offering. south korea said tuesday it will launch a detailed probe into the sinking of a warship last month after the broken wreckage is moved "ashore," as the cloud of suspicion hangs over north korea. bowing to public "pressure," government officials announced this week that they would offer aids drugs to all poor pregnant women infected with hiv to prevent the transmission of the virus to unborn babies. football association (fa) executive director david davies insisted friday that his retirement after next year's world cup will have no bearing on sven-goran eriksson's future as england head coach. opportunity rolled its six wheels about 10 feet into the "crater," then backed out in a maneuver its handlers at the jet propulsion laboratory in la canada "flintridge," calif ".," dubbed """the" "hokeypokey.""" former ``baywatch'' star and playboy model carmen electra has signed a two-year deal to star in her own show on the las vegas strip. the tax revenues for bank deposit interest hit 12.05 billion yuan for the year after china levied taxes on interest.                        
649 algerian television journalist rachida hammida was shot to death monday near her home on the outskirts of the capital algiers and her sister was seriously "injured," the television station announced. u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice on monday signaled the bush administration's steadfast support for pakistan's struggling leader but also expressed worry about the country's rising violence and called for stronger rights for opposition groups. guaranteeing the safety of 50 million pilgrims as they bathe in a narrow stretch of river is a crowd control headache beyond the imagination of most police forces around the world. the ford motor co. said friday that the top manager of its luxury division had resigned and that it was rearranging the management structure of its lincoln mercury unit. bahrain's bid to make the world cup finals for the first time received an unexpected boost on friday when they upset north korea 1-feb in their asian qualifying match in pyongyang. comverse technology "inc.," under federal investigation for backdating "options," and plans to restate earnings for at least six "years," said losses on an operating basis widened in the second quarter compared with the same period last "year," but sales were higher. an indian rights bill won approval from a majority of mexican state "legislatures," but the law appeared unlikely to satisfy leftist zapatista rebels. the number of lawyers in china has exceeded "110,000," with half of them having a tertiary education "background," according to the head of the all-china lawyers association.        
650 an indefinite curfew was imposed in an eastern indian town on monday after police killed two people while trying to break up clashes between hindus and "moslems," press reports said. mexico is talking with u.s. officials about cross-border health care for "migrants," who would receive basic treatment at u.s. facilities and be treated in mexico if they required more intensive care. pakistan's pre-islamic heritage is showcased in paris from wednesday in an exhibition of ancient buddhist art that offers a fresh perspective on a country fraught with violence and religious unrest. a japanese laboratory has built the world's fastest "computer," a machine so powerful that it matches the raw processing power of the 20 fastest american computers combined and far outstrips the previous "leader," an ibm-built machine. sudan's former southern rebels friday welcomed a un decision to send "10,000" peacekeepers to secure the peace accord they signed in january with khartoum but contentious issues remain before the force is deployed. a spokesman for sen. hillary rodham clinton's presidential campaign tuesday blamed a faulty background check for the campaign's failure to raise any questions about norman "hsu," a previously unknown businessman who suddenly became one of its biggest fundraisers. saying its problems from a labor dispute are "subsiding," cathay pacific airways announced friday it will reduce the number of chartered aircraft it is using to combat a work slowdown by pilots. two palestinian police officers were killed during a shootout with israeli soldiers in the west bank city of jericho early friday "morning," palestinian sources said.
651 china and russia have reached an initial agreement to build a bridge across a river separating the border trade towns of heihe and "blagovescensk," a report seen here monday said. when pierre omidyar founded ebay 12 years "ago," he wanted to build the world's most efficient marketplace. at the very "least," he launched the most comprehensive one. today ebay inc. is a conglomeration of web sites where people sell everything from car parts to carp arts. (what den couldn't fresh from squeezing past manchester united in the "quarter-final," bayern munich are cautiously confident ahead of wednesday's "semi-final," first "leg," champions league clash against lyon. like every resident of this "city," majed abu ghosh is trapped in his house as the israeli occupation approaches the end of its third week. at midday "friday," gunfire rang out in his neighborhood. ing group nv announced friday it had agreed to buy a 19.9 percent stake in bank of "beijing," one of china's largest city banks. go to a fred thompson rally and for $5  you can buy an """i'm" a "fred-head""" button. but you might not be "able," at any "price," to learn what exactly is in fred's head. prices at the wholesale level plunged 0.4 percent in june as record declines in residential electricity and natural gas prices and a big drop in gasoline costs gave the country the best performance on wholesale inflation in more than two years. "beijing," november 17 (xinhua) -- china's civil aviation achieved gross transport turnover of 10.1 billion ton-kilometers in the
652 a pro-independence leader monday announced his plans to seek nomination as candidate for the presidential elections in "1996," "when," for the first "time," the people of taiwan can vote directly for the head of state. a judge said he would order durham county district attorney mike nifong to leave his duties immediately after he was disbarred for his misconduct in the duke university rape case. england's sixth-ranked ian poulter withdrew from the us pga zurich classic on wednesday with a left knee "injury," leaving world number three steve stricker a favorite for the title. federal prosecutors said friday that they would seek the death penalty if a retired air force master sergeant was convicted of trying to sell military secrets to hostile countries. lebanese "authorities," stung by harsh un criticism of their investigation into the assassination of former premier rafiq "hariri," refused friday to hand over complete control of the probe to an outside panel. crude oil prices hit a new record "wednesday," briefly topping $80  a barrel as the energy department reported an unexpectedly sharp drop in u.s. "inventories," a hurricane warning closed the houston ship "channel," and oil traders discounted the significance of opec's announced plan to slightly raise its output. for a few "hours," it looked as if the long arm of the law had finally caught up with ira einhorn. costa rica soccer coach gilson siqueira nunes has resigned following the team's 2-jan defeat to guatemala during wednesday's world cup qualifying "game," national football federation president hermes navarro confirmed on thursday.
653 a canadian peace-keeping soldier was shot and wounded by croatian troops firing deliberately at a un patrol in southern "croatia," a united nations spokesman said on monday. ten people charged in an alleged plot to overthrow the communist government of laos pleaded not guilty to conspiracy charges that could bring them life in prison. oil prices were mixed "wednesday," as traders reacted to rising us inventories that indicated weaker demand in the world's biggest energy consuming nation. police seized "papers," computers and weapons from the homes of actor robert blake's daughter and his bodyguard friday as they continued their intensive 11-month investigation into the slaying of the wife of the onetime star of tv's ``baretta.'' a year after a dozen russian sailors first went on trial on charges of smuggling stolen nigerian crude "oil," moscow's diplomats and politicians are becoming increasingly restive at the lack of progress in the case. even as the world population has "grown," the number of early childhood deaths has shrunk to less than half its modern peak in "1960," the agency found. at that "time," an estimated 20 million children died before reaching their fifth birthday. on his second european tour next "week," president bush will lunch with queen elizabeth at buckingham "palace," thank american peacekeeping troops in kosovo and tackle the problem of global poverty at the trip's centerpiece summit of g-8 world powers. top seed leilani joyce of new zealand beat third seed natalie graubger of england to enter the final of the women's world open squash championship
654 chechen fighters managed to halt a major russian push into the southeast of the secessionist caucasus "republic," but russian aircraft kept up the pressure "monday," firing rockets at several "towns," chechen officials and military officers said. the chief u.s. envoy to north korean nuclear talks called tuesday for u.n. inspectors to make fast progress toward shutting down a reactor when they visit pyongyang next week. hull chairman adam pearson has slammed """short-sighted""" predecessor paul duffen for lacking both """business" "sense""" and """moral" "responsibility""" in spending money the club """did" not "have""." my driver's name was khalid. he pronounced it "``halid,''" rolling the ``ha'' in the back of his throat. i never got the sound right and gave "up," calling him bro. the united states has backed a un report urging an international probe into last month's assassination of lebanese former prime minister rafiq hariri and renewed its call for the withdrawal of syrian forces from lebanon. in more than a half-dozen speeches to the nation about "iraq," president bush has presented his case for the now more than 4-year-old war. his emphasis has shifted as conditions have changed. he has grudgingly recognized mistakes -- and even that some of the intelligence on iraq turned out linda kulis is bewildered: how can a man she worships for saving her city _ and her life _ suddenly be a suspected war criminal? sichuan province in southwest "china," the home of the endangered giant "panda," has devised a development plan to attract more tourists.    
655 a kuwaiti appeals court on monday upheld two out of the six death sentences for an alleged iraqi-backed plot to kill former us president george bush in "1993," legal officials said. fresh rumors that bhp billiton was preparing a takeover bid for either aluminum producer alcoa or its rival alcan had little impact on australia's stock market "tuesday," as some analysts doused the idea with cold water. indigenous group will occupy an area where the brazilian government wants to build a controversial hydro-electric dam projected to be the world's third- "largest," an indian chief said wednesday. four of the players invited to saturday's nfl draft visited ladder co. 3 firehouse on east 13th street on friday. the trip "occurred," in "part," because nfl commissioner paul tagliabue demanded it. in this "instance," "tagliabue," like his "predecessor," pete "rozelle," showed that he knows a thing or two some 800 foxes have been killed in england and wales since a controversial ban on hunting with dogs was imposed february "18," a similar kill figure to those recorded over the same period in recent "years," the countryside alliance said here this week. the officials and some experts hastened to add that the arrest monday of diego montoya isn't likely to significantly reduce the flow of drugs to north "america," given u.s. demand for cocaine and the willingness of lesser capos to fill the leadership vacuum. as bogota newspaper el tiempo editorialized pat croce softened his demand to become chief executive officer of the company that owns the philadelphia "76ers,"
656 dutch electronics giant philips electronics n.v. plans to enter india's newly-opened telecommunications sector and invest 400 million dollars to expand local "operations," the company's chief said monday. fresh rumors that bhp billiton ltd. was preparing a takeover bid for either aluminum producer alcoa or its rival alcan had little impact on australia's stock market "tuesday," as some analysts doused the idea with cold water. europe's airspace reopened for business as iceland's volcano lost its fury "wednesday," leaving passengers scrambling to get home and recriminations flying over the 1.7 billion dollar cost of the crisis. editor's note: malcolm garcia recently returned from a three-month assignment in "afghanistan," where deprivation and chaos were constant companions. baths often fell off the agenda for lack of hot water. forget about heat. or phones to plan daily rounds. filing stories in the dark to the sound of gunfire israel is in talks with chad on restoring relations broken off after the 1973 middle east "war," an israeli diplomatic source told afp friday. wal-mart is shelving its famous slogan of """always" low "prices""" after 19 years and launching a new advertising campaign that plays up life's little pleasures over no-frills practicality. weighing little more than two pounds "each," five boys and two girls were snuggled in incubators friday _ the first set of septuplets born in the united states since 1997 xinjiang uygur autonomous region is building a water-efficiency project at the headwater of the tarim "river," the longest inland river in china.        
657 the us navy plans to site its """floating" "arsenal""" at two spots in the indian and pacific oceans after thailand rejected welcoming "it," a us defence official said here monday. torrential overnight rainfall flooded a handful of north texas "towns," killing at least five people and stranding residents and their pets on the roofs of their homes. a year after the emergence of swine "flu," us health authorities and laboratories say the pandemic illustrated the need for new vaccine production techniques that are faster and more reliable. the kansas city star tx:bishop raymond j. boland of the roman catholic diocese of kansas city-st. joseph on friday disputed the allegation of a lawsuit that claims boland knew of and conspired to hide sexual abuse by another bishop. a third survey released friday has confirmed that a majority of french voters intend to vote against adopting an eu constitution in a may 29 referendum called by president jacques chirac. north korea may be cooperating with syria on some sort of nuclear facility in "syria," according to new intelligence the united states has gathered over the past six "months," sources said. the "evidence," said to come primarily from "israel," includes dramatic satellite imagery that led some u.s. officials to unwilling to concede "defeat," the british and irish governments renewed marathon efforts friday to preserve northern ireland's peace accord and keep catholics and protestants together in government. six people were taken to hospital and other passengers suffered minor injuries when a bus ran off the road in the central
658 some 30 bosnian soldiers were killed and 80 wounded monday in serb shelling of their barracks in tuzla town in northeast "bosnia," as fighting escalated "nearby," according to initial un protection force (unprofor) reports here. the military leader who seized power in fiji in a coup last year said tuesday that elections to restore democracy to the south pacific country could be held in early 2009 in a major "shake-up," fiat boss sergio marchionne said wednesday that the auto group would spin off its non-car activities into a separate entity. the anaheim angels acquired brad fullmer from the toronto blue jays in a trade for pitcher brian cooper during the offseason to fill their void at the designated-hitter spot. but until their series opener against the oakland a's on "thursday," cooper had as many rbi as fullmer this season the remains of six kosovo serbs killed during the 1998-99 war in kosovo were handed over friday to the serbian "authorities," an international official said. the "judge," ruling in a lawsuit filed by automakers against the state of "vermont," said vermont's emissions standards -- which are based on a 2002 california law -- weren't """sufficiently" d "raconian""" to usurp the federal government's right to set fuel economy standards. the pool of candidates battling to lead britain's conservative party shrank to three friday as lawmaker david davis dropped out of the race. top seed brazilian gustavo kuerten gained revenge over australian pat rafter with a "6-4," 6-jul victory in the third round of the 2.95 million u.s.
659 the nerve-gas attack in tokyo's subway system early monday which killed six and injured "1,500" is unprecedented since underground transport was invented last century. duke university has reached an undisclosed financial settlement with three former lacrosse players falsely accused of "rape," while a judge said he would order the disbarred prosecutor to leave office immediately. israel deported a palestinian prisoner to the gaza strip instead of releasing him to his west bank "home," the man and palestinian officials "said," charging israel with using controversial new military orders. after weeks of "drama," the membership of the screen actors guild voted down an agreement between the union and the association of talent agents that proposed to relax decades-old financial interest "rules," sag officials announced friday night. chelsea striker didier drogba said friday he'd yet to hit top form since joining the premiership leaders in a 24 million pounds pre-season move from french club marseille. the artist was one of mickey mouse's "handlers," concerned with maintaining the wholesome image of walt disney's most famous creation. kent trained other artists to draw the mouse uniformly and he helped determine which merchandise would carry his image. on his second european "tour," president bush will lunch next week with queen elizabeth ii at buckingham "palace," thank american peacekeeping troops in kosovo and tackle the problem of global poverty at the trip's centerpiece summit of g-8 world powers. world player of the year rivaldo said he was considering ending his international career on thursday after being jeered in wednesday's jan-00 win over
660 japan's top "automaker," toyota motor "corp.," said monday its production and sales in february had recovered from the previous month's slump caused by the massive kobe "earthquake," although exports remained weak. vilma espin "guillois," the wife of acting president raul castro and one of the communist nation's most politically powerful "women," died "monday," the cuban government announced. she was 77 the united states on wednesday ruled out recognizing north korea as a nuclear power after the communist state said it was willing to join global disarmament efforts if treated as an equal partner. after weeks of "drama," the membership of the screen actors guild voted down an agreement between the union and the association of talent agents that proposed to relax decades-old financial interest "rules," sag officials announced friday night. kyrgyzstan's new leaders tightened their grip on power "friday," naming an interim head of state and calling a fresh "election," as the nation's ousted ruler denounced what he called a coup d'etat and vowed to return. stung by accusations that army gen. david h. petraeus disclosed numbers selectively during his testimony before u.s. "lawmakers," the military released a statement in iraq outlining its definition of sectarian violence: "bombings," murders or other attacks committed by one ethnic group or religious sect against another for purely sectarian weighing little more than two pounds "each," five boys and two girls were snuggled in incubators friday _ the first set of septuplets born in the united states since 1997 the athens 2004 olympic committee (athoc) has secured more than
661 russia and ukraine signed two agreements here monday to reschedule repayment of ukrainian debts to moscow totalling 4.2 billion dollars. the worst summer drought in 30 years in northeast china's liaoning province has left more than 1.2 million people short of drinking "water," state media reported tuesday. air traffic in europe disrupted by the volcano eruption in iceland is expected to return almost to normal on "thursday," the body coordinating air traffic control across the continent said. a moderately powerful earthquake rumbled up the eastern seaboard on "saturday," causing no injuries but damaging roads and breaking windows in upstate new york while shaking people out of sleep from maine to maryland. the united states announced a controversial sale of f-16 fighting falcon jets to pakistan just as the us air force took delivery of the last of its versions of the veteran fighter. "lately," "though," he's moved away from the altered body to focus on larger organisms. "now," instead of frail and pliant human "bodies," it's innocent small towns and western cities populated by "ordinary," orderly people that play host to virulent foreign "parasites," and the failed experiments are social. at least three for-profit companies are racing to develop large amounts of embryonic stem cells even as president bush struggles to decide whether the government should hinder such research. mongolia will carry out economic restructuring so as to increase its gross domestic product by 4 percent next "year," prime minister nambaryn enkhbayar said friday.           
662 influential england no 8 dean richards could be out for as much as six weeks after injuring rib cartilages in the five nations grand slam win over scotland on saturday. a lebanese soldier was killed tuesday in clashes with al-qaida-inspired militants in a palestinian refugee camp in northern "lebanon," a senior military official said. debts at premier league crisis club portsmouth were revealed to be around 120 million pounds (185 million dollars) in total on wednesday - some 40 million pounds more than previously estimated. "slowly," mark v. serrano rose before a group of childhood "friends," former altar boys or old grade school buddies. all of "them," like "him," were now "grown," and all of "them," like "him," were now coming to grips with the sexual abuse they had suffered in boyhood at the belarussian police used dogs to disperse an opposition demonstration friday that calling for the resignation of president alexander lukashenko and arrested 30 "people," a police spokesperson said. by julian e. barnes (c) "2007," los angeles times washington -- the white house and pentagon officials said thursday that u.s. force reductions in iraq may not amount to the widely reported figure of "30,000" troops. a street party of "flag-waving," singing revelers fell silent friday when beijing was a landslide winner over toronto and four other cities for the 2008 olympics. colombian president andres pastrana arango friday urged the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc) to resume talks and take peace "measures," reported a local media.       
663 the former yugoslav republic of macedonia said monday it would not hold direct talks with greece until athens lifted a trade embargo it has imposed. a hmong american suspected of having links to the leader of a u.s.-based plot to overthrow the government of laos has been arrested in thailand near the lao "border," police said tuesday. poland's top soldier was laid to rest "wednesday," more than a week after he died in an air crash in russia along with president lech kaczynski and scores of senior political and military officials. ``church organs might have "chimes,''" allowed bernie "anderson," settling down excitedly in front of the versatile "wurlitzer," ``but i've got xylophone and glockenspiel.'' the death toll in an outbreak of the ebola-like marburg virus in angola rose friday to "115," official sources said. president bush tried to turn a corner in the fractious debate over iraq thursday night by ordering the first limited troop withdrawals since voters elected an antiwar congress last year. but the move did little to appease democratic "leaders," who dismissed it as a token gesture masking an open-ended corn prices plunged friday on the chicago board of trade after new forecasts called for milder weather in the midwest next week. chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan praised president jiang zemin's visit to "cambodia," laos and brunei and his participation in the eighth informal meeting of leaders of the asian-pacific economic cooperation (apec) on friday.                 
664 the sarin gas that turned tokyo into a city of fear on monday was developed by nazi scientists and is considered 500 times more powerful than cyanide. union leaders were studying a government counteroffer tuesday aimed at averting a general nationwide strike that could paralyze africa's biggest oil producer. scandinavian airline sas said wednesday it expected nearly 75 percent of its scheduled flights to take off thursday and expected """full" "operations""" a day later. heading into last year's u.s. men's clay court "championships," james blake had won one match while losing 10 in almost two years in the atp. a frail pope john paul ii appeared to pilgrims attending a solemn re-enactment of christ's crucifixion at rome's colosseum late "friday," via a video link from his private chapel in the vatican. for "decades," the university of "california," "irvine," has aspired to open orange county's first top flight law "school," declaring it to be the university's glaring """missing" "piece.""" the justice department moved friday to speed up the microsoft antitrust "case," asking an appeals court to end the current phase and immediately send it back to a lower court to decide whether the software maker should be broken up. australia's top-ranked female tennis star jelena dokic became a yugoslav citizen on "friday," but the 17-year-old girl will keep playing for australia for now.                                 
665 following are excerpts from the european stability "pact," adopted by consensus monday by the 52 member states of the organisation for security and cooperation in europe (osce): bayer "ag," one of europe's biggest drug "makers," said tuesday that its purchase of schering ag and scaled-back research and development costs will help lift its profit through 2009 oil prices fell on "wednesday," wiping out earlier "gains," as traders reacted to rising us inventories that indicated weaker demand in the world's biggest energy consuming nation. winning the indianapolis 500 last year did many things for helio castroneves beyond auto racing. it sent him on a lap of the talk show "circuit," got him introduced to miss universe and landed his picture in "cosmopolitan," but most of "all," it simplified introductions. the french speciality chemicals group rhodia is under investigation for accounting irregularities that allegedly took place while french finance minister thierry breton was a member of the "board," a judicial source said friday. after a 17-year hiatus between lunar "missions," japan launched an unmanned orbiter friday that carries the hopes of a nation looking to claim its place as a serious space power. an algerian was convicted friday for his role in a foiled plot to blow up a suitcase bomb at the los angeles airport just before the millennium celebrations. chinese president jiang zemin left here saturday for home after attending the 8th asia-pacific economic cooperation informal leadership meeting and paying a state visit to brunei.          
666 one person was killed here on monday after part of a stand at the new olympic stadium here "collapsed," the fire services reported. a canadian u.n. official who advised the afghan government on eradicating opium poppy crops was sentenced on tuesday to four years in prison for smuggling and drug possession. kenyan president mwai kibaki and his prime minister raila odinga on wednesday made the first changes in their fractious unity "government," removing odinga's foe from the key agriculture ministry. a lot of people along this stretch of the hudson river see saratoga "springs," 10 miles west and a few dollars up on the economic "scale," as a place with its nose in the air. so when word got out this spring that the federal environmental protection agency had the death toll in an outbreak of the ebola-like marburg virus in angola rose friday to "115," official sources said. cols 1-2: for "decades," the university of "california," "irvine," has aspired to open orange county's first top flight law "school," declaring it to be the university's glaring """missing" "piece,""" but that has been thrown into turmoil after uci chancellor michael v. drake abruptly dropped respected liberal scholar erwin chemerinsky the justice department moved friday to speed up the microsoft antitrust "case," asking an appeals court to end the current phase and immediately send it back to a lower court to decide whether the software maker should be broken up. sri lankan government forces confirmed that 12 tamil tiger rebels including five officers and two teenage women
667 the man who opened fire on the white house in october spraying the mansion with dozens of bullets was trying to assassinate president bill "clinton," prosecutors charged monday. somalia's presidential spokesman was shot in the neck while he was stuck in a traffic jam in the latest assassination attempt on a government official in the chaotic "nation," authorities said tuesday. cameroon's national union of journalists joined a leading media watchdog to call for the release of three journalists "wednesday," detained since march in the capital yaounde. another piece to a complex kentucky derby puzzle emerged saturday with proud citizen's "front-running," three-and-a-quarter-length triumph in the "$364,650 " lexington stakes at keeneland. proud "citizen," sent off at 1-aug in the field of "eight," represented the last chance the trainer d. wayne lukas had for a starter in the a frail pope john paul ii appeared to pilgrims attending a solemn re-enactment of christ's crucifixion at rome's colosseum late "friday," via a video link from his private chapel in the vatican. international: iraq-times -- "baghdad," iraq -- sheik abdul-sattar abu "risha," a sunni muslim tribal leader who was one of the united states' highest-profile allies in "iraq," is killed in a bomb "blast," an assassination that could undermine u.s. attempts to recruit former foes to stabilize the country. 930 "words," one day after a fiery blow-up in the "house," supporters of legislation to reduce the role of money in politics vowed to resurrect their bill with or without the help of the republican leadership. a meeting of the medical
668 france will intervene with tehran on behalf of british writer salman "rushdie," in its capacity as current chair of the european "union," foreign minister alain juppe said monday. investor and business confidence in germany slipped in "june," with development in europe's biggest economy expected to hold steady but not gain further momentum. latin america is poised for 4.1 percent growth in the coming "year," making it among the most robust regional economies to emerge from the global "recession," the imf said in a report released wednesday. staley t. "mcbrayer," a publisher of small texas newspapers and a tinkerer who turned a castoff offset press designed to print small circulars into a printing press that revolutionized the "industry," died last sunday in fort worth. he was 92 iraq's parliament will reconvene on tuesday to vote in a speaker and two deputies as negotiations continue on the lineup of a new "government," a senior shiite politician involved in coalition talks with the kurds said friday. the rhythmic clapping began the minute amr khaled stepped into the packed ballroom. surrounded by security "guards," the egyptian preacher had to weave his way through the crowd -- men both clean-shaven and "bearded," women both fashionably coifed and dressed in conservative islamic dress -- that had come from at least three for-profit companies are racing to develop large amounts of embryonic stem cells even as president bush struggles to decide whether the government should put up roadblocks to such research. sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga has told a meeting of ministers
669 federal authorities were bracing monday to step in to stop the strike that has ground to a halt the country's freight and passenger rail traffic. at least six people were being held hostage in a hold up south of paris on tuesday "morning," television networks reported. the agave "plant," the key ingredient in mexico's famous "tequila," could help treat diabetes and "osteoporosis," according to mexican researchers. the new york islanders finally located the net on "saturday," but the problem was toronto's curtis "joseph," who was standing in front of it. he was also lunging and diving and sprawling and snapping up shots with his "glove," and the islanders went away with a grimace. arsenal striker thierry henry and his juventus counterpart david trezeguet have shaken off injury niggles and look likely to spearhead france's attack against switzerland in their world cup qualifier here on saturday. the streets of this city and the roadways leading into it were vehicular combat zones. big trucks ruled the highways. but their size turned against them in tight urban "quarters," where motorized guerrilla warfare raged and speed and agility were needed to do battle with yellow cabs. one day after a fiery blow-up in the "house," supporters of legislation to reduce the role of money in politics vowed to resurrect their bill with or without the help of the republican leadership. u.s. democratic presidential candidate al gore has won election in new mexico by 481 "votes," according to unofficial results released on friday.       
670 britain's queen elizabeth ii was feted monday by large crowds on the first day of a historic visit to south "africa," during which she bestowed a rare royal honour on president nelson mandela and addressed parliament. the military leader who seized power in fiji in december said tuesday he tentatively agrees that elections could be held earlier than previously "planned," a concession to nations pushing for a swift return to democracy. kyrgyzstan's ousted president kurmanbek bakiyev insisted wednesday that he was still the rightful leader of his "country," breaking several days of silence after his flight into exile. the super bowl years taught the giants how a great tight end can transform an "offense," and like mark "bavaro," jeremy shockey is as big as an end zone and he can catch. and he's probably a little faster than bavaro. the kosovo government and the serbian orthodox church have agreed to start reconstruction of serbian religious sites damaged during the march 2004 anti-serb "violence," the un mission in kosovo (unmik) said friday. complaints: "again," if car companies are going to insist on using leather seating "surfaces," they should be soft and "supple," not slippery and hard. we expect better from acura. "also," instrument panel ergonomics and backup-camera screen resolution were below what we expected. president bush will keep pursuing human rights with the chinese "government," white house officials said in a muted reaction to beijing winning the right to stage the 2008 olympic games. the olympics decision prompted condemnation from china critics in congress. china's super
671 israel's deputy foreign minister yossi beilin is to visit cairo on tuesday for talks with egyptian foreign minister amr mussa on the peace "process," officials said monday. a meeting starting tuesday of the world trade organization's four most powerful members will determine whether a new global trade pact is still "possible," the european union's top negotiator said. spain's juan antonio "samaranch," one of the longest-serving presidents of the international olympic committee who was credited with commercialising the "games," died wednesday. he was 89 also "saturday," lawyers who are suing the kansas city pharmacist predicted a new wave of civil litigation with news about more dilutions. fingerprints belonging to both michael jackson and his teenage molestation accuser were found on a raunchy magazine seized from the star's "bedroom," trial jurors heard friday. we can blame the celluloid canon of westerns for establishing such sartorial stereotypes that rarely apply to real life. but thanks to los angeles costume designer and stylist arianne "phillips," the way the west was won -- "visually," anyway -- looks a lot more interesting and authentic. technology stock shareholders are enjoying a nice bump up in their portfolios thanks to triple-digit rallies in the dow jones industrials and nasdaq composite "index," but the bad news isn't over yet for the sector or the broader stock market. indonesia's central bank (bank indonesia) acting chief anwar nasution and all other deputy governors resigned en masse here friday night to take what they called moral responsibility for several billions of u.s. dollars in emergency support loans
672 president bill clinton will visit russia in may to attend commemorative events for the 50th anniversary of the allied victory in "europe," white house spokesman michael mccurry said monday. a group of about 100 lawmakers from japan's ruling party claimed tuesday that after a monthlong review they have determined the number of people killed by japanese troops during the infamous """rape" of "nanking""" has been grossly inflated. amsterdam's schiphol airport said it expected air traffic to return to up to 70 percent of its normal volume wednesday with 600 to 700 flights planned. rob bell put himself back in the rangers' rotation by throwing a six-hit shutout in the oklahoma redhawks' feb-00 victory over salt lake city on friday night. dutch prosecutors said friday they had arrested a 20-year-old man who they said tried to obtain explosives and recruit others in a violent holy war against the west. she already has "mattresses," wedding "dresses," hotel "rooms," perfume and stationery under her bejeweled grosgrain belt. "now," vera wang is romancing the masses with a soup-to-nuts cheap-chic line for kohl's called simply vera by vera wang. electronic data systems corp. said friday it has signed a "15-year," $469  million contract to provide technology services for franklin covey "co.," an employee-training company. a cow in east china's village entangled its tail in a cluster of cane and snapped its "tail," said the cow's owner.                        
673 ac milan and "juventus," both involved in european cup "competition," on monday agreed to put forward their april 2 serie a clash by 24 hours. serbia's foreign minister on tuesday called for new talks with kosovo's ethnic albanian "government," saying belgrade wants to reach a compromise on the province's future. germany's "lufthansa," europe's largest airline by passenger "numbers," will resume its normal flight schedule on thursday after days of disruption caused by the volcanic ash "cloud," a spokeswoman said. all those concerns about whether the dodgers got enough back in the trade that sent gary sheffield to atlanta were put to "rest," at least "temporarily," in what has become the recipe for dodgers success: great pitching and just enough "offense," with the principals in the sheffield trade leading thunderstorms and showers halted the second round of the us pga players championship here friday with golfers taking the course for only 44 minutes. frederick w. "smith," the founder of "fedex," and rep. james l. "oberstar," "d-minn.," chairman of the house transportation "committee," have not been getting along. the dutch government granted a visa to slobodan milosevic's wife "friday," clearing the way for her to visit the former yugoslav president at the u.n. detention facility where he is being held in the netherlands. kuwaiti oil minister sheikh saud nasser al-sabah warned on saturday of plunging oil prices early next year as many countries have been storing oil.                    
674 president bill clinton will visit russia in may for the 50th anniversary of the allied victory in "europe," the white house announced "monday," ending weeks of speculation about us-russian relations. beijing criticized new u.s. export controls on technology with possible military "uses," warning tuesday they will hurt trade and saying it reserved the right to respond. general motors has repaid all of its government "loans," the automaker's chief executive officer said in an opinion piece published in the wall street journal wednesday. many in the crowd wanted to root for university of massachusetts graduate briana "scurry," really they did. but not at the expense of the breakers. the united states unveiled plans friday to propel india into a """major" world power in the 21st "century""" even as it announced moves to beef up the military capability of new delhi's nuclear rival pakistan. surely one of the strangest name changes in hollywood history is responsible for the odd moniker that """in" the valley of "elah""" brings before the public. the boston globe will send classified employees to training sessions and pay "$55,000 " to a public interest group to settle a complaint over the newspaper's printing of discriminatory real estate ads. u.s. republican presidential candidate george w. bush led his democratic rival al gore by 927 votes in florida on saturday after most overseas absentee ballots were counted.                             
675 in a bid to avoid the "draft," some bosnians are trying to buy up the identity papers of former prisoners released from serb detention "camps," the vecernje novine newspaper reported here monday. myanmar's aung san suu "kyi," one of the world's most prominent political "prisoners," turned 62 on tuesday in her fifth consecutive birthday spent under house "arrest," as supporters rallied at her party's headquarters to call for her freedom. general motors has repaid all of its government "loans," the automaker's chief executive officer said in an interview with the wall street journal published wednesday. the nfl harvested a bumper crop of first-round picks from the big east in saturday's "draft," with eight of the top 32 players hailing from the "conference," including five from miami's national championship squad. the remains of a us navy pilot lost during the vietnam war have been identified and returned to his "family," the pentagon announced friday. the film has an oscar-winning writer-director and three oscar-winning "stars," but when it came to authenticity on the set of """in" the valley of "elah,""" paul haggis turned to a real iraq war veteran who'd never acted a day in his life. new york (ap)_ shares of toys r us inc. plummeted as much as 11 percent on the new york stock exchange friday after the giant toy retailer warned that its second-quarter loss will be larger than expected. "pangalos," a former foreign "minister," would be replaced by evangelos "venizelos," who in the past also held the culture "portfolio," along with development
676 a nigerian group monday condemned what it described as interference in the country's domestic affairs by a us-based anti-military lobbying group. north korea fired a short-range missile toward waters between the korean peninsula and "japan," a south korean intelligence official said "tuesday," amid signs of progress in ending north korea's nuclear weapons program. the eurozone is heading for one percent growth this "year," limping out of recession under the threat of a sovereign debt "crisis," the imf said on wednesday. for elvis "costello," the elixir of youth isn't a potion. it's a guitar sound: the tremolo setting on an overdriven amplifier. he used it in the late 1970s for songs like ``watching the "detectives,''" and he has revived both that sound and the attack of his first "band," the andy roddick's defence of his key biscayne atp masters series title crashed to a halt friday as the american retired from his opening match against spain's fernando verdasco with a right wrist sprain. the sunni insurgent group al-qaida in iraq claimed responsibility friday for planting the bomb that killed a prominent tribal leader "thursday," calling the assassination a """holy" "operation""" that targeted abdul sattar abu risha for his alliance with u.s. forces. james "blake," a new england native who went to "harvard," advanced to the semifinals of the hall of fame championships with a "6-2," "3-6," 3-jun victory over kristian capalik on friday. a spokesman for the immigration department of the hong kong special administrative region announced sunday the launching of an annual courtesy campaign at
677 china's chief negotiator on taiwan has called for a summit with his counterpart from the nationalist island as soon as "possible," a report said tuesday. germany's air berlin plc said tuesday that its offices were raided by police in an investigation into claims of insider trading by management board members ahead of its acquisition of rival dba last year. greece's finance minister said on wednesday the country was """not" "overawed""" by its rising borrowing costs which soared to new heights as athens began discussions on possible loan aid from the eu and imf. new yorkers "are," to some "extent," in a period of denial now. which is understandable. it's a relatively quiet "time," between the terrible events of last year and the all but inevitable decline in the quality of life that will result from the service cuts that are being readied taiwan president chen shui-bian and hundreds of thousands of taiwanese took to the streets "saturday," waving banners and shouting slogans for peace and democracy to protest a new chinese law threatening the island. to raise "$850,000 " for sen. hillary rodham clinton's presidential campaign in just eight "months," norman hsu tapped an eclectic group of donors that included wealthy investors in his apparel "ventures," hotel "shopkeepers," a 96-year-old in a florida retirement home and an auto-body worker who mistakenly thought he would get three african u.n. staffers said they are victims of racial bias at the world "body," claiming that the problem is widespread in the organization. jose soares scored three times as portugal
678 china pledged tuesday to give """full" "support""" to more than "6,ooo" chinese moslems expected to join the annual pilgrimage to "mecca," despite worries about strengthening ties with foreign islamic movements. taliban militants overran a district in southern afghanistan and are pushing for control of another key "area," sparking fierce clashes with nato and afghan forces that have left more than 100 people dead over three "days," officials said tuesday. the newly-elected governor of khartoum warned on wednesday against protests disintegrating into chaos after results of sudan's first competitive polls in over two decades are announced. launching their quest on sunday for a third straight nba "crown," the los angeles lakers lacked the dominance they displayed in their 15-1 run to last year's championship. "nonetheless," relying again on kobe bryant and shaquille "o'neal," the lakers had enough to dispatch the portland trail "blazers," "95-87," at theo bos and compatriot teun mulder did the netherlands proud at the world track cycling championships here on friday after winning the men's kilometre time-trial and the keirin. last "year," to celebrate hillary rodham clinton's senate reelection victory in new york "," norman hsu capped a successful year as a democratic fundraiser by treating members of her campaign staff to several days at mandalay bay in las "vegas," complete with free show tickets and dinners at posh the st. louis cardinals moved the organization's two top batting coaches "friday," reassigning mike easler to the minors and elevating mitchell page. a consortium of japanese broadcasters has agreed to pay an estimated 6.3
679 one of france's best known publishing houses gallimard has been ordered to pay "20,000" french francs "(4,000" dollars) to a chinese author for infringing "copyright," the english-language china daily said tuesday. austrian police have arrested 58 "people," including a german "citizen," on suspicions they belonged to a drug "ring," an official said tuesday. chrysler posted a post-bankruptcy 2009 loss of 3.8 billion dollars "wednesday," but said it had exceeded financial targets and achieved an operating profit in the first quarter of 2010 for those who like to bash the dallas cowboys "owner," jerry "jones," a number that rivals the population of "china," there was a scene during the first round of the nfl draft on saturday that must have given his enemies great satisfaction. the cowboys completed a trade with only virender sehwag completed his second century in three matches to boost india's hopes of avoiding the follow-on in the third and final test against pakistan here on saturday. col 01:00 the clinton campaign was not alone in being burned by political fundraiser norman hsu; dozens of other "politicians," along with clusters of private "investors," tell much the same story about the man who now sits in a colorado jail facing the prospect of years in prison. "1,305" the st. louis cardinals moved the organization's two top batting coaches "friday," reassigning mike easler to the minors and elevating mitchell page. after five weeks of continuos "fall," india's foreign exchange reserves rose sharply by 676 million u.s. dollars to 35.413 billion dollars during the week ended
680 new zealand cannot stop the current nigerian government from attending the commonwealth heads of government summit here later this year but it will not give it a warm "welcome," foreign minister don mckinnon said in a statement tuesday. construction of new homes fell in may as homebuilders in the united states continued to struggle with a steep housing slump that has been exacerbated by rising problems with mortgage defaults. a vulcanologist advising the united nations said wednesday that european authorities had no choice but to close much of their airspace last week after a volcanic ash cloud swept in from iceland. moments before the puck was dropped sunday for game 3 of the devils' first-round playoff series with the carolina "hurricanes," two fans in section 241 of continental arena unfurled a banner that read ``we believe.'' four us soldiers were killed in a mine blast in the southeastern afghan province of logar on saturday "morning," the us military said. """i" grab things off the top of my head and run with "'em,""" she often said. """i" can't tell you no more. i just do "it.""" mark buehrle pitched eight strong innings and the white sox homered twice while taking advantage of kerry wood's wildness to beat the cubs 2-jul friday. leaders from latin american "countries," spain and portugal saturday committed themselves to fighting against child poverty and terrorism in the region.                        
681 three years ago woody allen was embroiled in a messy and public family dispute that eclipsed his work as a film director and led some critics to write him off for good. a japanese opposition party has asked former peruvian president albert "fujimori," who also has japanese "citizenship," to run in coming parliamentary "elections," media reports said tuesday. around three-quarters of flights scheduled in europe wednesday are expected to take "place," the body coordinating air traffic control across the continent said. economic doomsayers usually get it "wrong," and never have they been more wrong than right "now," fortune (april 29) says in a report on ``the diehard economy.'' at least 11 people were killed and 23 wounded on saturday in fierce inter-clan fighting in the southern somali town of "baidoa," witnesses and a militia commander said. but doubts have surfaced about the scope of the accord and about yale's right to retain certain parts of the collection for """ongoing" "research,""" as a university statement said. a western peace plan for macedonia would grant significant new rights to the balkan nation's ethnic albanian "minority," according to details of the proposal described in a report on state-run television saturday. france intends to make heavy investments in iran and seek closer economic ties with the "country," said the president of the french national employers' association "medef," francois "perigot," on monday.                            
682 france condemned the massive turkish offensive on kurdish bases in iraq tuesday saying that the operation violated iraq's territorial integrity and democratic principles. a workman on the site of arsenal's old stadium may have found evidence to back up a piece of club folklore. former bangladeshi military dictator hussein muhammad ershad is in intensive care at a dhaka hospital following """massive" "bleeding""" from a bad case of "haemorrhoids," a political aide said wednesday. gilman louie is one of the most successful computer-game developers of all time. an amateur fighter "pilot," louie had his first big success in 1987 with a game called "falcon," which allowed players to simulate the flight of an f-16. former british prime minister and labour party leader james callaghan died saturday on the eve of his 93rd "birthday," his family said. even as president bush was introducing mukasey in a rose garden "ceremony," democrats indicated that they planned to use his confirmation proceeding to exert pressure on the white house to cooperate with congressional efforts to investigate allegations of administration misconduct. a key element in the dispute is access to indian and pakistani forces exchanged fire across the kashmir cease-fire line for the first time this year on "saturday," and as many as eight people were killed in separate "clashes," as the two countries began a summit to discuss the disputed area. the gold price in hong kong went up seven hk dollars to close at "2,482" hk dollars a tael "monday," according to po sang "bank," one of the major
683 un mediator thorvald stoltenberg was due to meet croatian serb leader milan martic here on tuesday in a second round of talks about re- deploying peacekeeping troops in croatia. fifa president sepp blatter singled out transportation as the biggest challenge facing south africa ahead of the 2010 world cup. airlines have lost around 1.7 billion dollars after a """week" without "revenue""" because of the chaos caused by volcanic "ash," the head of the international air transport association (iata) said wednesday. democratic senators failed to meet president bush's monday deadline for expanding his trade negotiating "authority," but a key ally for the administration said action will come soon. four former ruling party supporters have been arrested for heckling malawian president bingu wa mutharika during an easter ceremony in the capital of "lilongwe," a witness said saturday. retired canadian army lt. gen. romeo "dallaire," a former u.n. commander whose warnings of rwandan genocide in the early 1990s went unheeded by u.n. "leaders," advised the newly appointed leader of u.n. forces in darfur to expect little backing from his political masters as he struggles to halt mass with a decades-old dispute over the kashmir region high on the "agenda," the leaders of india and pakistan began a landmark summit on saturday aimed at smoothing stormy relations between the two nuclear rivals. jingwei wetland nature reserve will soon be built for the protection of 140 kinds of birds living in northwest china area.                
684 in gaza "city," neighbours of the two suspects said farchat is a well- known hamas militant who regularly went to israel without a permit. a russian court on tuesday sentenced four men to prison terms of between seven and 14 years for the racially motivated killing of a congolese student two years ago. pirates seized a liberian-owned bulk carrier with 21 filipino crew in the gulf of aden early "tuesday," the european union's naval force in the region said. democratic senators failed to meet president bush's monday deadline for expanding his trade negotiating "authority," but a key ally for the administration said action will come soon. joe cole claimed that his match-winning performance for england against northern ireland is testament to his ability to play at the top level after his goal set the home side on course for a apr-00 world cup qualifying win at old trafford on saturday. detroit a group of dissidents in the united auto workers and some former top uaw officials are trying to build momentum to defeat any contracts reached between the union and the three detroit automakers if the deals include provisions for a controversial health-care trust fund. long before the firebombs and bricks began to "fly," the blighted roman catholic district of ardoyne was already a neighborhood on the boil. the shenzhen composite index inched up 1.84 points or 0.29 percent to 645.82 points at monday "close," while the sub-index also rose 7.1 points or 0.14 percent to 4960.99 points.       
685 a hindu militant party which stormed to power in bombay last week wants the bustling indian commercial capital renamed mumbai as it was once "known," a party official said tuesday. the co-ceo of airbus parent eads sounded an optimistic note tuesday on the company's restructuring efforts and said that business in the united states also is developing favorably. malaysia's auto sales surged 25 percent year-on-year in "march," an industry group said "wednesday," as consumer confidence rose in southeast asia's biggest passenger car market. attorneys arguing before the u.s. supreme court disagreed monday whether the outcome of an arizona case could overturn nearly 800 death sentences in nine states. the dale romans-trained roses in may became america's fifth winner in the 10 runnings of the world's richest race the 6million dollar dubai world cup here on saturday. there is a new wrinkle in the long-simmering debate about the influence of television on the development of attention problems in children. a long-term study of "1,037" children published in the current issue of pediatrics found that those who watched more television when they were 5 and 7 were indian and pakistani forces exchanged fire across the kashmir cease-fire line for the first time this year "saturday," and as many as 12 people were killed in separate "clashes," as the two countries began a summit to discuss the disputed area. at least two people were killed and 12 "others," including "children," were "injured," when a bomb having been planted in an israeli school bus went off in gaza strip
686 some six million people voted tuesday in the indian state of bihar with at least one person killed in the last phase of provincial polls that have already dealt a crushing blow to prime minister p.v. narasimha rao. two-thirds of u.s. parents said they are very concerned about sex and violence american children are exposed to in the "media," and there would be broad support for new federal limits on such material on "television," said a survey released tuesday. one of australia's largest banking groups anz is interested in buying a controlling stake in the korea exchange bank "(keb)," a report said wednesday. with some key details still to be worked "out," u.s. and canadian panels monday began investigating why a u.s. jet pilot bombed canadian soldiers training in afghanistan. three us soldiers were killed in iraq as security forces said they had arrested 120 suspects saturday on suspicion of planning attacks on the country's shiite majority ahead of a major religious holiday. following the trend set by eye-catching "eyeglasses," colorful dental braces and neon casts for broken "limbs," earmolds are taking the fashionista route. used in hearing aides and as swim or hearing-protection "plugs," earmolds are now available in an array of colors that the hearing impaired and those concerned about russia has a huge advantage over china in nuclear missiles and "territory," but it is in many ways the poorer nation as the two countries cement a ``strategic partnership'' during chinese leader jiang zemin's visit this week. israeli prime minister ehud barak monday
687 the european union (eu) on tuesday called on the sri lankan government and tamil guerrillas to resume peace talks to find a speedy solution to the island's long-running ethnic conflict. european commission president jose manuel barroso lashed out tuesday at britain and poland for staunchly opposing a proposal to salvage key parts of the european union's aborted constitution for a "new," slimmed-down eu treaty. the public rose gardens in new zealand's capital are suffering as growing numbers of people scatter the cremated remains of loved ones over the "plants," officials said monday. homeland security director tom ridge warned monday that the united states faces an ``enduring vulnerability'' to attack by suicide bombers. maud fontenoy became the first woman to row solo across the pacific ocean saturday after arriving in french polynesia at the end of a nearly "8,000-kilometre" "(4,960-mile)" journey that took 73 days. accustomed to sleeping on a "queen-size," 60-by-80-inch water bed at "home," elissa robinson got a rude awakening when she headed off to college: a twin-size "bed," somewhere around 38-by-75 "inches," with a mattress that had seen better days. as the san fermin fiesta nears "climax," huge crowds in red and white happily fulfill their appointed tasks: reckless "endangerment," public "drunkenness," mass littering. britons living in the united arab emirates (uae) have been urged to remain vigilant following a car explosion in saudi capital riyadh friday which killed a british technician.                     
688 palestinian police have banned a planned human rights workshop in gaza city on "tuesday," the gaza centre for rights and law said. the space shuttle atlantis undocked from the international space station tuesday for its trip back to "earth," concluding a nearly 10-day stay that included construction work and a computer meltdown. on a stunning night in which inter milan battled back to beat european champions barcelona 1-mar in the champions league "semi-finals," there was one sour note for the italian side. as a "kid," tobey maguire didn't paint his face blue-and-red and run around the yard pretending to be spider-man. he didn't care much for "superheroes," in "fact," and he never read comic books. coastal sharks of south africa beat act brumbies of australia 36-24 saturday in the biggest shock so far of the super 12 season. among the many things to wonder about when the final shofar blast is heard after sundown on yom "kippur," """what's" for "dinner""" is rarely a problem. bohdan ulihrach of the czech republic beat defending champion magnus norman "6-2," "4-6," 1-jun saturday to reach the final of the clay-court swedish open. the philippine senate held an opening ceremony monday afternoon to kick off its impeachment trial against president joseph estrada over an illegal gambling scandal.                                           
689 strikers at kuwait's biggest oil company and the government refused to budge tuesday as the crisis which threatens the emirate's crude production entered its fourth day. indian captain rahul dravid said tuesday he is keen to clinch the upcoming test series on what will be his final tour of england with the national team. stepped up naval patrols in the gulf of aden have contributed to a worldwide decline in pirate "attacks," although the risk of piracy off somalia remained "high," a maritime watchdog said wednesday. even an acknowledged musical legend sometimes sings the "blues," and ray charles has been known to complain in recent years about what he saw as a lack of promotional support for his albums from his record companies. with his new "album," "however," such complaints are "unlikely," because charles is philippines police said they defused an explosive device found near the spanish embassy in manila late "saturday," as security forces were on alert after warnings of attacks over the easter period. four years "ago," outgoing belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt called his nation """the" laboratory of european "unification.""" in "1989," then-prime minister wilfried martens referred to belgium as """the" prototype of "europe.""" the federal belgian "state," he "proclaimed," """is" a prefiguration of a europe of "peoples," united in their organized some questions and answers about the search for former federal intern chandra "levy," and her connection to rep. gary "condit," d-calif.: japan's global merchandise trade surplus fell 40.8 percent in october from a year earlier to 692.6 billion yen (6.4
690 mad: "madagascar," mar: "morocco," mas: "malaysia," maw: "malawi," mol: "moldova," mdv: "maldives," mex: "mexico,mgl:" "mongolia," mkd: "macedonia," mol: "moldova," mli: "mali," mlt: "malta," mol: "moldova," mon: "monaco," moz: "mozambique," mri: "mauritius," mtn: "mauritania," nam: "namibia," nca: "nicaragua," ned: "netherlands," nep: "nepal," ngr: "nigeria," nig: "niger," nor: "norway," nzl: new a royal caribbean international cruise ship resumed its voyage to puerto rico on tuesday as coast guard crews searched for a passenger reported missing a day earlier. fiat's board of directors on wednesday formally named john "elkann," the grandson of historic boss gianni "agnelli," to the chairmanship of the auto "giant," the group said in a statement. to reach studio "17," the sound stage that's home to ``will & "grace,''" a visitor talks to the guard at the "gate," who offers matter-of-fact instructions to take ``gunsmoke'' to ``my three sons'' and then hang a right. james "callaghan," who died saturday on the eve of his 93rd "birthday," was the only british politician in modern times to hold all four great offices of "state," serving at the treasury and the home and foreign offices before succeeding to the premiership. race and poverty aren't subjects americans like to talk about. they're too "loaded," too uncomfortable. but they are also too important to brush under the rug at a time when immigration issues loom large and there is greater disparity than ever between rich and poor. when jermaine awoke to the sound of gunshots he knew exactly what to do _ grab his weapon and return fire. exports of
691 a total of 200 kurdish rebels have been killed since turkey began its massive military sweep in northern "iraq," defense minister mehmet golhan said tuesday. construction of new homes in the united states fell in may as the homebuilders were battered by the crisis in subprime lending and rising mortgage rates. stepped up naval patrols in the gulf of aden have contributed to a worldwide decline in pirate "attacks," although the risk of piracy off somalia remained "high," a maritime watchdog said wednesday. researchers seeking to determine why breast cancer is diagnosed later in blacks than in whites suggest that the disparity is a result of "class," not race. australia is assured of the gold medal in the women's individual pursuit here at the world track cycling championships after katie mactier and katherine bates qualified for the final. junot diaz's """the" brief wondrous life of oscar "wao""" seems poised to be the hottest debut novel of the year. arriving after 11 years of expectation following diaz's celebrated story collection """drown,""" the novel's narrative voice evokes both the polyglot energy of salman rushdie's """midnight's" "children""" and the sexual china convicted an american business professor saturday of spying for taiwan and then ordered him "deported," apparently trying to remove an irritant in relations with washington. afghanistan's taliban militia burned more than 10 tons of hashish and other narcotics in spin boldak district in the presence of a large number of "people," the news newspaper reported on monday.          
692 environment minister yossi sarid called tuesday for the 400 jewish settlers to be removed from the centre of hebron as soon as possible following the murder of two israelis. members of the u.n.'s new human rights watchdog on tuesday formally adopted a series of reforms to its future "work," including how and when to launch investigations into some of the world's worst rights offenders. poland was forced to call a snap presidential election when incumbent lech kaczynski perished in an april 10 air crash in "russia," and its parties are now scrambling to get ready. the white house rejected a request from the energy department for more money to strengthen security at the nation's nuclear weapons "labs," according to internal correspondence released monday. israeli prime minister ariel sharon on saturday obtained the support of the opposition shinui party for his 2005 "budget," ensuring it will pass through parliament next week. """we" "said," `we're going to help our commander like you "are,'""" said the "soldier," who asked not to be identified for fear she would lose her job. the house's blowup over campaign finance legislation could have repercussions on other issues now before congress while also raising the "stakes," and money "flow," in the 2002 election. the composite index on the shanghai stock exchange closed at "2,101.38" points "monday," uup 8.15 points from the last "close," according to the guangfa securities co. "," ltd.                      
693 russia is interested in a european union proposal for a nonaggression pact between nato and russia in order to appease moscow's concerns about the alliance expanding to the "east," french foreign minister alain juppe said tuesday. fc barcelona plans to retain coach frank rijkaard next "season," trusting the dutchman to deal with squabbles involving star players ronaldinho and samuel eto'o. china observed a day of national mourning on wednesday for victims of its killer "quake," with newspaper front pages bathed in black and flags lowered to half-mast around the country. with travelers spending more time and feeling more stress in airports these "days," the small but growing number of companies that offer massages and other spa services in airports would seem to be in the right place at the right time. nigeria scraped past gabon feb-00 on saturday to go top of the world cup 2006 african zone group "four," which also serves as a qualifying tournament for next year's african nations cup. destruction of neighborhoods and forced relocation are common in the chinese capital as traditional neighborhoods are torn apart by well-connected developers erecting gleaming towers. but this area has more political significance than your average neighborhood. sally firestone was all dressed "up," standing on a suspended walkway over the lobby of the hyatt regency "downtown," watching a tea dance on the floor below. the component stock index on the shenzhen stock exchange closed at "4,960.99" points "monday," up 7 9 points from last "close," according to the guangfa securities "co.," ltd.  
694 the united states has dropped its opposition to italian candidate renato ruggiero as first head of the new world trade "organisation," administration officials said tuesday. russian aviation heavyweight sukhoi won its first foreign customer for its civilian superjet at the paris air show on "tuesday," announcing a 20-plane deal with italian regional carrier itali airlines. a growing number of palestinians support the establishment of a single state for jews and arabs including israel and the occupied "territories," according to a poll released on wednesday. psychiatric expert witnesses are fixtures of the criminal justice system these "days," and nowhere more so than in trials involving pleas of insanity to explain and excuse a crime. a last gasp goal from israel's abas suan held ireland 1-jan and threw world cup qualifying group 4 wide open here on saturday. youssif was playing outside his baghdad home in january when unidentified assailants doused him in gasoline and set the 5-year-old boy ablaze. even by modern-day iraqi "standards," the attack was brutal. china convicted an american business professor saturday of spying for taiwan and then ordered him "deported," apparently trying to remove an irritant in relations with washington. the shanghai b share index rose 2.61 points or 3.42 percent to 78.92 points on "monday," approaching its intraday high of 78.96 points.                                       
695 a side of a harlem six-story apartment building collapsed early tuesday killing one person and injuring at least five "others," officials said. got road rage? the vatican on tuesday issued """ten" "commandments""" for "drivers," telling motorists to be charitable to others on the "highway," to refrain from drinking and "driving," and to pray you make it before you even buckle up. after the great drought of "2005," which took a severe toll in southern "niger," people in the region again face a severe food crisis for themselves and their beasts. for sheer hubris it is hard to beat the title of this little "book," but "surprisingly," even a science-savvy reader is bound to admit that its 125 pages lay out some plausible (if not immediately practical) construction tips. along the way the reader is led through a brisk introduction israeli prime minister ariel sharon on saturday obtained the support of the centrist opposition shinui party for his 2005 "budget," ensuring it will pass through parliament next week. when the late new york billionaire leona helmsley left $12  million to her white maltese dog named trouble "," a lot of people were shocked. the united states won the world cup in women's lacrosse for the fifth time saturday with a 14-8 victory over australia. the shenzhen b-share index rose 0.94 points or 0.78 percent to 122.59 "monday," within a striking distance from its intraday high of 122.77 points.                  
696 ethnic clashes in northern ghana have claimed 85 lives this "month," witnesses "said," as troops and police patrolled in force in the bimbila district to stem the conflict over land rights. pakistan's foreign minister on tuesday denied that his country was in turmoil and urged the west to do more to help fight militants in the wild frontier region along the border with afghanistan. economic "implosion," then volcanic explosion: not since the viking raiders has iceland been associated with so much tumult in europe. helping clear the way for western-style aids treatment to reach even rural "africa," the world health organization released new guidelines on monday describing the drug cocktails that work best and the simplest acceptable laboratory tests for patients. spain's supreme court on saturday ruled that radical nationalist party aukera guztiak (ag) should not be allowed to stand in the april 17 regional basque election. it was "1989," and neither the short track record of quality home loans nor its less-than-impressive one-secretary office in "oxnard," "calif.," could dampen uhl's enthusiasm -- not after he heard chief executive john t. gaiser speak airily of a coming boom in the real-estate market. patty schnyder of switzerland won a long match on clay "saturday," downing jelena kostanic of croatia "6-4," 7-jun -5 4-jun to reach the final of the "$170,000 " wta uniqa grand prix. china's treasuries extended fluctuations late last week while the total transaction volume expanded to 2.1 billion "yuan," compared with 1.6 billion yuan on last friday.       
697 sweden national coach tommy svensson picked seven players from european cup quarter-finalists gothenburg for the european championship group six qualifying match against turkey in istanbul on march 29 federal antitrust regulators have cleared cerberus capital management's $7  billion (euro5.2 billion) purchase of "chrysler," people close to the deal said tuesday. last april's discovery of a previously unknown flu virus in mexico and the united states sparked fears of a deadly pandemic and set off a chain of unprecedented action by health authorities. these sports stories for release "tuesday," april "23," "2002," are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. east beirut was rocked by a huge explosion "saturday," the third blast in a christian quarter in the past "week," that police said was caused by a car bomb. but this time they got it "right," with students coming out the winner in legislation passed recently by congress and to be signed by the president. the bush administration voiced satisfaction on saturday over china's decision to release an american business professor shortly after he was convicted of spying for taiwan. the following are exchange rates against the pakistani rupee issued by the treasury management division of the national bank of pakistan on monday:                                                 
698 the dollar fell to an all-time low of 88.6 yen in london on tuesday at around 1430 "gmt," dealers said. president nicolas sarkozy on tuesday sent a strong signal to france's disaffected minorities by appointing an outspoken advocate of muslim women and a woman of senegalese origin tuesday to his government -- among france's most diverse ever. airlines have lost around 1.7 billion dollars as a result of the chaos caused by volcanic "ash," the head of the international air transport association (iata) said on wednesday. people may not always seek out medical "care," or refrain from cigarettes and french "fries," but the overwhelming human instinct is to aim in the general direction of good "health," or at least to hope that no dire medical catastrophe descends. neath-swansea claimed the celtic league title saturday after a 29-12 victory over "edinburgh," crowning a great season for welsh rugby after the national side won the six nations grand slam. quentin tarantino's """death" "proof""" features a spectacular car chase guaranteed to make viewers dig their fingernails deep into the arms of their easy chairs. "unfortunately," that scene does not unfold until 90 minutes into the "extended," unrated edition of this homage to amped-up action flicks of the """vanishing" "point""" president bush promoted his discount prescription drug proposal saturday as a boon for older americans. democrats dismissed it as an ill-conceived plan that builds false hopes of relief from skyrocketing prices. share prices at the philippine stock exchange ended lower monday amid persistent worries over the country's political and
699 france and germany called tuesday on the united states to support the us dollar on world money "markets," saying it was """flagrantly""" under- valued. brazilian authorities have prepared a special security scheme to try avoid any fan violence during the copa libertadores final between brazil's gremio and argentina's boca juniors on wednesday. the eruption of iceland's eyjafjjoell volcano has lost nearly 80 percent of its intensity since the "weekend," a spokeswoman for iceland's civil protection agency told afp on wednesday. accused sept. 11 conspirator zacarias moussaoui told a court monday that he prays for the destruction of america and the jewish people and that he wanted to dismiss his court-appointed lawyers. east beirut was rocked by a huge explosion "saturday," the third blast in a christian quarter in the past "week," that a police officer said was caused by a car bomb. gen. pervez musharraf's lawyer told the pakistani supreme court on tuesday that musharraf would step down from his job as army chief if he is elected to another term as president this fall. but the pledge failed to appease pakistani opposition "leaders," who continued to press for him to on his second european trip in five "weeks," president bush hopes to rally the world's richest nations to fight "aids," poverty and economic isolationism. vietnam exports "40,000" tons of straw mushrooms a "year," thus becoming the world's third largest "exporter," vietnam news agency (vna) reported monday.                  
700 mozambican president joaquim chissano called on his compatriots tuesday to work hard for self-sufficiency rather than rely on international aid. myanmar's aung san suu "kyi," one of the world's most prominent political "prisoners," turned 62 on "tuesday," her fifth consecutive birthday spent under house "arrest," as supporters rallied at her party's headquarters to call for her freedom. thousands of demonstrators rallied in india's capital new delhi on wednesday to protest against fast-rising food prices and other consumer bills. on march "27," the day luke moran and his family flew to italy for a "vacation," the u.s. state department issued an announcement about a possible threat of terrorist activity in four italian cities on easter "sunday," four days later. the us army's abuse of detainees in iraq went beyond abu ghraib prison and included brutal beatings of suspects as well as forcing them to do physical exercises until "exhaustion," according to military documents made public here. charlie "crews," the eccentric los angeles police department detective he "portrays," was sentenced to life and spent 12 years in jail before being released with a $50-million settlement. now he drives a "bentley," chomps green apples and drops eastern spiritual tidbits "like," """you" don't have to understand here to marathon negotiations between the parties in northern ireland ended saturday with some progress reported but no breakthrough toward saving the territory's 1998 peace accord. at least two policemen and one village woman were killed while four others injured in a guerrillas-police clash that took place sunday night at a police post
701 stefan edberg and magnus larsson spearhead holders sweden's team for their davis cup quarter-final against austria at vaexjoe on march 31-april 2 a judge suspended a north carolina prosecutor effective immediately tuesday after learning the "man," disbarred for his handling of a duke university rape "case," intended to stay in office for another month. a gay singer in china has been arrested for murder after he allegedly killed six men in "elaborate," sado-masochistic sex games that involved hanging his "victims," a state-linked newspaper reported. throughout her "career," bharati mukherjee has depicted characters who are "exiles," immigrants or outsiders: characters caught on the margins between two "cultures," between india and "america," tradition and "modernity," east and west. in her earlier novels and short "stories," america tended to exert the stronger gravitational "pull," with her belgian xavier "malisse," tossed out of the key biscayne masters series tournament for """serious" verbal "abuse""" of a line judge during a second-round match on "friday," saturday denied wrongdoing and vowed to fight to clear his name. sean penn tried a different tactic when he set out to bring """into" the "wild,""" the extraordinary and heartbreaking biography of a young "wayfarer," to the screen. """i" was "willing,""" penn "says," """to" take no for an "answer.""" thousands of jobless graduates clashed with police "saturday," protesting a government decision restricting new public sector jobs and training places to people under 28 years "old," police said. the new zealand government is injecting about 2 million u.s. dollars into gymnasia at nine secondary schools where facilities
702 ukraine appeared assured of major support from bilateral donors and international bodies for its efforts to shift to a market economy as a high-powered ukrainian team attended the first ever consultative group session organized by the world bank here tuesday. south africa has no copper "mines," but copper exports to china are booming: the result of a cable theft epidemic which regularly plunges whole suburbs into "darkness," strands thousands of train passengers and is wreaking havoc with the national economy. turkish foreign minister ahmet davutoglu has reported progress in efforts to resolve tension between iran and western powers over the islamic republic's nuclear "programme," in remarks published wednesday. ron "kirk," the democratic candidate for u.s. senate in "texas," said monday he would prefer that former president bill clinton not campaign for him there. two indian nationals were killed and eight people were hurt saturday when a huge explosion rocked a christian quarter of east "beirut," the official lebanese news agency ani reported. the "statement," the first official and public pledge by musharraf to relinquish the military post that has been the mainstay of his "power," apparently was intended to calm pakistan's political storm. but opponents denounced it as too "little," too late. a ban on giving federal aid to college students with drug convictions could mean more than "34,000" people will be denied loans and grants in the coming school year _ more than triple those turned away in 2000-01. floods claimed at least 17 lives due to more than one week's torrential rains in
703 the albanian government congratulated greece tuesday on the arrest of seven ultra-nationalists allegedly plotting to attack albanian army barracks to scuttle improving relations between the two countries. venezuela's government has banned protests near "stadiums," hotels and major roadways during the upcoming copa america to prevent opponents of president hugo chavez from disrupting the "tournament," a top security official announced tuesday. iran's atomic chief said wednesday the sites for building new uranium enrichment plants have yet to be "finalised," denying reports that president mahmoud ahmadinejad has already approved the locations. the israeli government has decided to continue refusing to recognize the new greek orthodox patriarch of "jerusalem," the custodian of most of the christian religious sites in the "region," although prime minister ariel sharon said recently that he was prepared to recognize him. prime minister tony blair's governing labour party enjoys a 12-point lead on the main opposition conservatives as an expected british general election draws "closer," a new opinion poll on sunday suggests. the "jury," whose deliberations are in the seventh "day," sent a note to the court announcing that it appeared to be "hung," or unable to "decide," on the issue of whether spector killed actress lana clarkson on feb. "3," 2003 a marine scientist said saturday he doesn't think the shark that bit off an 8-year-old boy's arm attacked the youngster just because it was hungry. thirty-seven thai political parties have registered for next year's january 6 general election in past five "days," with the overall number of party-list candidates reaching "940," local
704 the french government on tuesday announced plans to build a light rail pontoon link out to the mont saint "michel," in a multi-million dollar facelift for the famous britanny landmark. sri lanka's navy claimed it destroyed five separatist tamil rebel "boats," killing about 40 "guerrillas," during a sea battle tuesday off the island's northern coast. chinese banking regulators have ordered lenders to conduct quarterly stress tests on mortgages as the government tries to clamp down on bad loans and rein real estate speculation. after four years of wandering in the political "desert," germany's center-right christian democratic union on sunday finally had something to cheer about. in an grassy field littered with garbage and needles on the outskirts of kyrgyzstans southern capital "osh," a heroin addict named alik mused at how the revolt that brought down his central asian nations government had also cleared the area of any sign of police. "lehman," the first of several banks to report results for the fiscal quarter ended aug. "31," sought to allay concerns that investment banks might be moving too slowly to write off potentially large amounts of troubled mortgage securities. state supreme court justices have reversed a $4.30  million judgment awarded connie stevens' former "manager," who claimed the singer owed him royalties from sales of her cosmetics line on home shopping network. thousands of people are facing evacuation from their homes in the low lying areas of northeastern kwazulu-natal province following torrential rains which have claimed two lives so far.       
705 the london stock market scored a modest gain on tuesday as the footsie index advanced by 10.3 points or 0.3 percent to end at "3,135" points. left-arm spinner monty panesar took five wickets to lead england to a seven-wicket win against west indies in the fourth test and a mar-00 series victory on tuesday. thailand's """red" "shirts""" have entrenched themselves in bangkok's glittering commercial "heart," establishing a staggeringly large and elaborate protest base for their anti-government fight. "austin," texas - after nearly a decade without a hot race for u.s. "senate," texas could have two in the next 6 2-jan months _ and for the same "seat," no less. roy mayrie scored two minutes into second half stoppage "time," lifting short-handed costa rica to a dramatic 1-feb triumph saturday over panama in a world cup 2006 north american zone qualifier. mgm hd will offer movies from its own "-4,100" title "library," initially screening such films as """west" side "story,""" """the" black "stallion,""" """throw" momma from the "train,""" """robocop,""" """usual" "suspects,""" """hotel" "rwanda""" and """leaving" las "vegas.""" chris "webber," the nba's most highly sought free "agent," could sign a new contract as soon as next "week," his consultant said on saturday. british prime minister tony blair arrived in moscow on monday evening for a brief visit to strengthen economic ties with russia.                                  
706 from being mobbed in langa black township by an enthusiastic crowd to the more familiar formal greetings and "curtseys," queen elizabeth ii has been received with warmth and humour on the first south african tour by a british monarch in 48 years. a former narcotics officer once considered among the finest in texas has authorities huffing and puffing because of his dvds: they tell people how to hide marijuana and get away with it. jason richardson scored 29 points and grant hill added 20 more on near-perfect shooting to power the phoenix suns past portland 119-90 on tuesday to level their nba first-round playoff series. abuk achian was 6 years old when arab raiders rampaged through her village in southern "sudan," carried her off on horseback and turned her into a slave. the world exposition that opened here last week for a six-month run is a celebration of the glories of the past and the promise of the "future," but that has not stopped the realities of the present from butting in. the commission "," ruling in a dispute between spears and her former husband kevin federline over custody of their two "children," also ruled that she must meet with a parenting coach. two passenger trains collided head-on at a railway station west of vienna on "saturday," injuring 30 "people," three of them "seriously," railroad officials and rescuers said. russian defense minister igor sergeyev will visit the nato headquarters in brussels on december 6-may to propose fundamental areas of cooperation with the atlantic alliance "colleagues,"
707 arab states will this week consider a proposal on extending the nuclear non proliferation treaty (npt) that urges israel to sign it and open its atomic sites to "inspection," an egyptian official said tuesday. hundreds of people on tuesday joined the families of the 21 victims who died in a 1987 bombing in the northeastern city of barcelona -- the bloodiest attack committed by the armed basque separatist group eta to date-- to mark its 20th anniversary. a rare borneo "rhino," thought to be "pregnant," has been caught on camera in "malaysia," and wildlife experts said wednesday a new calf would be a lifeline for the near-extinct species. he tried his best to hide "it," but for 15 years michael mcdermott slid further and further into a terrifying ``abyss of insanity'' that eventually led him to think he was shooting nazis when he gunned down seven "colleagues," his attorney argued monday. four south korean soldiers were killed when an army boat capsized on the han river running through the "capital," police and the military said sunday. "rigney," who was working on the saga's final "volume," died sunday at the medical university of south carolina in charleston of complications from primary amyloidosis with "cardiomyopathy," his publisher confirmed. the rare blood disease caused the walls of his heart to thicken. a museum in elian gonzalez's hometown opens an exhibition saturday on cuba's successful efforts to bring the boy back from the united states last year. the "resolution," jointly sponsored by "china," "russia," belarus and "kyrgyzstan," was approved
708 egypt's ancient pyramids have become a centre of pilgrimage for thousands of new age mystics who flock from around the world to seek the """energy""" of the spirits of the pharaohs. the world-famous jeweler tiffany & "co.," which got its start in lower manhattan 170 years "ago," is going back home. it is opening a wall street store in "october," joining other luxury stores opening financial district outposts. canadian foreign affairs minister lawrence cannon on thursday condemned violence in thailand after a series of grenade blasts in "bangkok," and called for a peaceful resolution to the political crisis there. just as high school students are making plans for senior "proms," the state legislature has passed a law requiring judges to immediately suspend the licenses of teen-agers caught driving drunk. manly sea eagles took over at the top of australia's national rugby league (nrl) with an outstanding defensive performance to beat in-form melbourne storm 25-18 here on sunday. o.j. "simpson," a top athlete of his generation who went from adulation to "disgrace," was released from jail wednesday after posting "$125,000 " bail. chicago bears kicker paul edinger was charged saturday with drunken driving after he crashed into mail boxes in a residential community. the 2000 hulun buir international ice and snow tourist festival will be hosted in december 17-19 in hulun buir league in north china's inner mongolia autonomous region.                           
709 a gunman killed at least four people in a post office in this wealthy suburb of new york late "tuesday," police said. ontario premier dalton mcguinty is promising $650  million canadian (us$607 million; euro453 million) for the auto sector to help create so-called """green""" cars and car parts. "britain," france and austria on thursday warned their citizens visiting thailand to stay away from political protests in bangkok as they could turn violent. willis j. "winn," a former federal reserve bank official and wharton school dean who helped shape the country's economic policies in the 1960s and "1970s," died on april 11 at a hospital in kansas "city," mo. he was 84 and lived in "trimble," mo. zimbabwe's new electoral court has reversed one of its very first judgements allowing a jailed opposition lawmaker to run in elections in his constituency that were to have been held at the end of "april," state media reported sunday. nor can he say if he's the man responsible for killing an "ex-girlfriend," her new boyfriend and two teenage girls in a texas home. onandi lowe scored on a header with a minute left saturday "night," completing the kansas city wizards' late rally from a two-goal deficit to beat the dallas burn 3-2. a sino-germany seminar on cooperation in agriculture-related environmental protection technologies was recently held here in the capital city of north china's hebei province.                        
710 police have found a chemical substance that could be linked to monday's sarin gas attack on the tokyo "subway," kyodo news agency said wednesday. a newspaper ad denying that japan's army drove women into sexual slavery during world war ii has increased momentum for a resolution demanding an official apology for the "abuse," u.s. lawmakers say. iran's president mahmoud ahmadinejad on thursday condemned """satanic" "pressures""" on zimbabwe and his own country which he said were fighting to maintain their "sovereignty," during a visit to harare. rebounding from a game 1 "pummeling," the sonics shocked the san antonio spurs 98-90 last night at the alamodome to even the first-round nba playoff series at one game apiece. an earthquake measuring 6 on the richter scale struck beneath waters off indonesia's eastern maluku island chain early "sunday," but there were no casualties or "damage," meteorology officials said. "coronado," "41," was accused of urging a gathering of vegans to throw firebombs. he was charged under a seldom-used federal law that makes it a crime to describe how to make an explosive device with the intent of encouraging a """lawless" "act.""" the leaders of south asia nuclear rivals india and pakistan opened formal talks for the first time in two years "sunday," with the white marble domes of the taj mahal a symbolic backdrop to their landmark summit. the world bank is expected to grant 80 million u.s. dollars to uganda to help the country fight against "hiv/aids," the world bank kampala mission told xinhua here on tuesday.  
711 fifty people were found in a coma wednesday at a commune run by the japanese doomsday sect aum "shinrikyo," whose headquarters was raided by police probing monday's nerve-gas attack on the tokyo "subway," jiji press reported wednesday. a denver zoo keeper attacked and killed by a jaguar had violated zoo rules by opening the door to a cage while the animal was "inside," zoo officials said tuesday. one of brazil's biggest "states," minas "gerais," on thursday ordered a ban on the sales of toyota "corollas," saying the best-selling car presented a safety threat because of an acceleration problem. so it's understandable that by "then," a reader's recall of game 2 might be a bit dusty. so keep safe your "soon-to-be-yellowed," crumbly copy of the p-i for this reference on what happened last night at the alamodome: for the first time in his 26-year "pontificate," a frail pope john paul ii strained but failed to voice a traditional easter sunday blessing in an appearance at his apartment window overlooking a rain-dampened st peter's square. "allergan," which is based in "irvine," "calif.," said wednesday that it had agreed to pay $370  million in cash for "esprit," which sells sanctura under a u.s. license from indevus pharmaceuticals inc. the leaders of south asia nuclear rivals india and pakistan opened formal talks for the first time in two years "sunday," with the white marble domes of the taj mahal a symbolic backdrop to their landmark summit. senior officials from the southern african development community (sadc) will hold a workshop
712 the german m3 money supply fell at an annual rate of 3.8 percent in "february," provisional figures from the bundesbank showed on wednesday. six-party talks to resolve the north korean nuclear standoff could resume soon after july 4 as nations move toward dismantling the communist country's nuclear "facilities," the u.s. envoy to the talks said wednesday. the main airports in northern europe were briefly closed due to a new wave of volcanic ash but reopened by thursday "afternoon," as disruptions continued in parts of sweden and finland. lawyers for american taliban john walker lindh argued tuesday that he made allegedly incriminating statements to u.s. authorities in afghanistan out of fear that he would be handed over to northern alliance troops who had slaughtered hundreds of his fellow detainees during a prison uprising. spain's reigning world road race champion oscar "freire," of the rabobank "team," claimed victory in the fleche brabanconne one-day classic sunday held over 198 km between zaventem and here. clinton was one of 25 "senators," all "democrats," who opposed texas republican sen. john cornyn's amendment to """strongly" "condemn""" moveon.org for running newspaper ads referring to the general as """betray" "us.""" israel's cabinet approved a proposal sunday to build new communities near the gaza strip on israeli territory that the previous government had considered giving to the palestinians in a land-swap "deal," an official said. art lovers around the globe will be able to follow each step of the restoration of michelangelo's statue of moses thanks to a new web-site devoted to the renaissance
713 the russian security "council," the country's main security "body," is to meet thursday to discuss the """restoration" of chechnya's economic and social "infrastructure,""" the interfax news agency reported. nissan chief executive carlos ghosn told shareholders wednesday that the japanese automaker's board members will forego their bonus pay to take responsibility for poor performance. french leaders may be queuing up to promise to protect her "rights," but samira would rather they left her to wear her veil and to practise her vision of islam in peace. madstone "films," a three-year-old production company based in lower "manhattan," has acquired new yorker "films," the art house company responsible for the american distribution of well-known foreign films like jean-luc godard's ``breathless.'' more than one million muslims are flocking to the sacred senegalese city of touba for an annual "pilgrimage," ignoring a cholera scare that has proved a logistical challenge for authorities preparing the venue for the arriving multitudes. in "fact," a scheduling coincidence friday shows just how hard it is for giuliani to escape his past: he speaks to an nra meeting here on the very same day his 2000 lawsuit against gun-makers goes before a federal appeals court in new york. new york manager joe torre denied that owner george steinbrenner told him not to take too many yankees to the all-star game. greece late tuesday decided to take a series of measures to prevent the spread of the """mad" "cow""" "disease," which has alarmed the french citizens.          
714 two robbers armed with uzi sub-machine guns killed a motorist as they made their getaway after attempting to hold-up a brinks security van outside a bank in paris on "wednesday," police said. thai officials will freeze an additional us$154 million in assets of ousted former prime minister thaksin shinawatra as they investigate his alleged "corruption," a government official said wednesday. a belgrade court on thursday dropped charges against six serbian football fans accused of threatening a reporter investigating a surge in attacks by "hooligans," an official said. six war crimes suspects will voluntarily surrender to the international tribunal at the "hague," "netherlands," the federal government announced "tuesday," as a deadline passed for 23 people to turn themselves in or face arrest and deportation. the dollar was firmer in asian trade "monday," continuing the previous week's uptrend but trading was slow due to the easter "holidays," dealers said. about "12,000" iraqi refugees will be admitted into the united states over the next year as measures to speed up the process begin to take "effect," government officials said friday. kevin "brown," bothered by a neck injury for several "months," held pittsburgh to a run over five innings before being lifted and the los angeles "dodgers," apparently not bothered by jet "lag," beat the pirates 2-apr sunday. visiting u.s. defense secretary william cohen said here wednesday the israeli-palestinian conflicts could run out of control and it is time for the two sides to end the almost eight weeks of violence.        
715 a humanitarian organisation has delivered two months' worth of medical supplies to hospitals in two of the three moslem-held enclaves in eastern "bosnia," the un refugees office (unhcr) said here wednesday. australia announced wednesday it will buy five new military ships from spain for 11 billion australian dollars (us$9.3 billion; euro6.94 "billion)," boosting the navy's ability to join foreign missions and a u.s.-backed missile shield. pakistan's prime minister on thursday announced a radical plan to tackle the nation's debilitating energy "shortages," including extending the weekend and banning all-night wedding parties. karen "hughes," a confidant of president bush who became one of the most powerful women ever to serve in the white "house," announced tuesday that she was leaving her job to move with her ``homesick'' family back to texas. hu "xiaolian," assistant to the governor of china's central "bank," has been appointed to run the state administration of foreign exchange "(safe)," state press and the central bank said monday. the "cribs," which were manufactured in china and sold at major retailers "nationwide," feature a """drop-side""" railing that can pull away from the mattress. infants can become trapped in the resulting gap and suffocate. baseball umpires filed a grievance to keep the commissioner's office from pressuring them to call more strikes and reduce "pitches," saying management's move ``threatens the integrity of the game.'' the first nadam festival ever held in winter is to be held from december 17 to 25 in hulun buir "league," inner mongolia in north china.       
716 tens of thousands of people lined the streets of this eastern cape city wednesday to give queen elizabeth the most exuberant welcome yet of her south african tour. iran's foreign ministry summoned the british ambassador to complain over britain's decision to grant a knighthood to author salman "rushdie," who was accused of blasphemy by iran's former supreme leader for his book """the" satanic "verses,""" the state news agency reported wednesday. the new york times posted a net profit on thursday as cost-cutting and an improved advertising climate helped turn around losses of a year ago. for nine "years," parents have been encouraged to bring their daughters to work one day a year in a nationwide effort to help young girls gain confidence and find options in our traditionally masculine society. the leader of vietnam's communist "party," nong duc "manh," arrived in the cambodian capital monday for a three-day state visit at the invitation of king norodom sihamoni. on a day in which politicians and religious leaders nationwide condemned the university's decision to invite the controversial iranian "leader," students were "poised," if not "excited," about his arrival. ahmadinejad's request to place a wreath at ground "zero," which was denied by the new york police "department," already had florida elections supervisors on sunday acknowledged discrepancies in how strict they were in deciding whether to accept overseas ballots in the presidential election. a hong kong festival opened wednesday in this capital city of west china's shaanxi province with a dragon and lion dancing performance .   
717 protests have broken out in the southern egyptian town of minya over the failure to get aid to hundreds of people made homeless by torrential "rains," an afp correspondent said wednesday. "uzbeks," chechens and arabs were among about 30 militants killed in a missile attack on a suspected al-qaida hide-out in northwest pakistan near the afghan "border," officials said wednesday. hong kong's leading authority on air quality said thursday he is leaving the city to avoid its polluted air and keep his respiratory problems under control. the growth in income inequality over the past several decades was particularly pronounced in a handful of "states," including new york and "california," while the gap between rich and poor narrowed in only "one," "alaska," a report released today by two liberal research groups found. a delegation from taiwan's main opposition party left for china monday on a visit aimed at easing cross-strait tensions after the mainland adopted a law threatening war with the island. the founder of a nonprofit agency for african refugees here -- an immigrant whom oprah winfrey once named a """phenomenal" woman of the "month""" -- has been arrested on 25 charges of "conspiracy," "embezzlement," "fraud," tax evasion and grand theft. a man suspected of shooting four people in a rural home was to be arraigned monday on four counts of first-degree "murder," authorities said. more than 33 million passengers passed through hong kong international airport in the 12 months up to "october," setting a new "record," the airport authority announced on wednesday.  
718 algerian opposition parties have turned down an invitation from president liamine zeroual to discuss presidential "elections," the president of the algerian human rights league said wednesday. petrochina "co.," a listed unit of state-owned china national petroleum "corp.," said wednesday it plans to sell up to 4 billion yuan-denominated a shares in a public offering in shanghai to raise money for exploration and "development," construction of a refinery and overseas acquisitions. a large team of dr congolese and belgian scientists will next week embark on a 47-day expedition to study the fauna and flora along central africa's congo "river," organisers announced wednesday. the investigation into the conduct of stock analysts spread tuesday as federal and state regulators joined the new york attorney "general," eliot l. "spitzer," in pressing to eliminate conflicts of interest on wall street. adam "gilchrist," australia's modern day "master-blaster," continued his summer assault on new zealand bowlers as he raced to 49 from 43 balls at tea on the third day of the third test here monday. the chinese call it "guanxi," and it refers to the relationships that are so crucial to doing business in their country. ousted fiji president ratu sir kamisese mara was in stable condition in a new zealand hospital after suffering a "stroke," diplomats said monday. the first dash8-q400 planes in "china," made by canada's bombardier aerospace regional "aircraft," got off the ground today and took flight.                     
719 hundreds of hutus fled the working-class bwiza neighbourhood of bujumbura on wednesday as soldiers of the tutsi-dominated army patrolled the streets after murderous clashes. france's new government was holding its first cabinet meeting "wednesday," taking up a first batch of planned "reforms," as president nicolas sarkozy vowed to move fast on changes now that a new government is in place. after a maze of "qualifiers," 16 teams go into the 2011 asian cup draw on friday with heavyweights australia and japan facing a tough time after missing out being seeded. after reviewing the cases of 21 priests accused over the past several decades of sexual "abuse," the queens district attorney said on tuesday that all the events appeared to have occurred too long ago to allow criminal prosecution. two young children have been killed in a fire in russia's urals "region," the ria novosti news agency reported "monday," quoting a spokesman for the local office of the emergencies ministry. nearly every political milestone in bangladesh has its roots in the "stately," tree-lined campus of the university of "dhaka," where student-led protests have repeatedly given rise to sweeping changes in government. so it came as little surprise to many students last month when the anti-government rallies they started mushroomed police could arrest two foreign ministry officials as early as monday over suspected fraud in connection with last year's group of eight "summit," japanese media reported. china has made """substantial""" progress in reducing the use of "halon," believed to be an ozone- depleting "substance," according to information
720 the german m3 money supply fell at an annual rate of 3.8 percent in february on provisional bundesbank figures released on "wednesday," but frankfurt economists said the figure would be of little importance in framing german monetary policy. a roman catholic priest turned down an offer on wednesday to become the philippine government's chief negotiator in peace talks with muslim "militants," after the guerrillas criticized the choice of a religious rather than political figure. new claims for us unemployment insurance benefits fell back last week after a fortnight of "increases," the labor department said thursday. state and city officials said on tuesday that they had speeded up the timetable for the rebuilding of the world trade center site after recent criticism that the planning was moving too slowly. french president jacques chirac on monday called for a tax on airline fuel and tickets by the end of the year to fight epidemics including aids in "africa," saying the proposal could save three million lives a year. there's an application on my computer called the """ken" burns "effect.""" it can dress up my picture slideshows by inserting pans and "zooms," adding a feeling of motion to the still images. it mimics the technique filmmaker ken burns uses to hold the attention of viewers in his epic katharine "graham," chairman of the executive committee of the washington post "company," was hospitalized in critical condition sunday after surgery that followed a fall. air canada has opened a new route between "shanghai," china's leading industrial and commercial "center," and
721 the us trade deficit soared 68.4 percent in january to hit a record high of 12.2 billion "dollars," partly due to a sharp plunge in exports to "mexico," the commerce department said wednesday. more than a dozen gunmen attacked two police bases in mogadishu early wednesday with rocket-propelled "grenades," sparking fire fights that killed at least two "people," witnesses and police said. iraq's asian cup winning captain younis mahmoud believes the team are capable of repeating their inspirational run to the title in 2007 during next year's tournament. the american israel public affairs "committee," the country's largest pro-israel lobbying "group," has always had strong support from lawmakers and washington decision makers. french president jacques chirac on monday called for a tax on airline fuel and tickets by the end of the year to fight epidemics in africa in what could be a test for a more far-reaching tax on financial transactions. fifty years ago "today," nine african american teenagers in little rock were escorted into central high school by national guardsmen while an angry white mob hurled racial epithets. the lutheran church-missouri synod elected a new president sunday at its annual convention who pledged to help unify the denomination and spread its message. a spokesman for the pboc said that the readjustment will be carried out in accordance with international "practices," and continue to use 50 u.s. dollars as the base value for the face value of a one ounce gold coin. "therefore," the new basic face value of one ounce gold   
722 the world trade organization on wednesday put off for at least another day a decision on appointing italian renato ruggiero as its first "director," wto sources said. airbus booked another major order for its a350 xwb aircraft on "wednesday," signing up russian airline aeroflot for 22 of the revamped aircraft. finland's main helsinki-vantaa airport has been reopened for flights and is expected to remain open until at least friday "evening," airport operator finavia said in a statement. "williams," the nets' unassuming reserve forward whose personality fits his "position," does not "complain," brag or argue. if "prompted," his soliloquies might last two sentences. a high-speed ferry collided with a cargo barge in hong kong's busy harbour monday injuring 15 people as thick fog reduced visibility to just 100 "metres," officials said. for a moment last week it looked as "if," once "again," a memorial to human atrocity would be hijacked for political purposes. "thankfully," iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad's plans to lay a wreath at the site of the world trade center were quickly condemned and canceled. but it seems that aaron sele pitched a career-best two-hitter and retired 22 straight batters sunday to lead the seattle mariners over the arizona diamondbacks 8-0. the market posted its winning day with the help of the stronger sentiment in the broader market that had been bringing confidence to "investors," according to "homeway," a leading on-line financial and securities advisory company.                   
723 chechen independence fighters were on the run wednesday as russian forces used their full firepower to cut off two key rebel-held towns. houston rockets center dikembe mutombo will receive another honor for his community service work this week when he is inducted into the world sports humanitarian hall of fame. british regulators said on thursday they were investigating whether cathay pacific airways and virgin atlantic had infringed pricing law over the lucrative london to hong kong route. "so," just where is new jersey's newest instant multimillionaire and the $58.90  million winning ticket from april 16's big game lottery? speculation abounds. a high-speed ferry collided with a cargo barge in hong kong's busy harbour monday injuring 15 people as thick fog reduced visibility to just 100 metres (328 "feet)," officials said. this was no bleeding-heart liberal championing the rights of illegal "immigrants," but the republican mayor of new "york," rudolph giuliani. abortion opponents marched at five wichita churches "sunday," confronting worshippers with large signs showing aborted fetuses and spreading their message with bullhorns. the shenzhen b-share index gained 0.76 points or 0.62 percent to close at 123.36 points "wednesday," slightly coming off its intraday peak of 123.36.                                                           
724 the tokyo subway gassing has heightened the sense of urgency for a chemical weapons "treaty," but deep distrust of russia and of several rogue nations to comply with it could sink us ratification. """the" lord of the "rings""" "musical," the most expensive production in west end "history," opened to a standing ovation from its "audience," and mixed reviews from the "critics," with some praising it as brilliant and a "wonder," and others calling it """a" thumping great "flop""" and corny. the former head of a top appliance chain who was once china's richest person went on trial thursday nearly two years after being detained on charges of insider trading and bribery. five days after an early-morning auto accident in new "jersey," mike fratello returned to work last "night," calling the utah-sacramento nba playoff game on tbs. the dollar was higher in thin asian trade "monday," continuing to build on recent gains but trade was slow due to the easter "holidays," dealers said. the """yokozuna's""" reputation has taken a beating over his flight from public scrutiny. he has been derided for playing hooky and his disappearance has given rise to a new japanese verb: """asashoryu-suru,""" roughly meaning to shirk responsibility by faking an illness. sixteen protesters were in custody sunday after an unsuccessful attempt to halt a test of the proposed missile defense "system," officials said. chinese foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi said here wednesday that china is ready to promote cooperation with the office of the united nations high commissioner for human rights on """a"
725 russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev and us secretary of state warren christopher flew into this swiss city on wednesday to smoothe bilateral hurdles ahead of a may summit between leaders of the two nations. china's "police," blamed for ignoring and even aiding the use of slave labor in illegal brick "factories," has started an investigation into the "allegations," state-run newspapers reported wednesday. france warned thursday any of its citizens visiting thailand to stay away from political protests in "bangkok," which it fears may turn violent. after prosecutors distributed fliers noting the presence of a convicted child killer in south "river," "n.j.," the "man," glenn h. "barker," passed out his own fliers in response. following are excerpts of both fliers. taiwan share prices closed 0.28 percent lower monday in modest trade as many investors stayed on the sidelines amid growing caution over first-quarter corporate results due next "month," dealers said. just after 9 a.m. on aug. "29," a group of u.s. airmen entered a sod-covered bunker on north dakota's minot air force base with orders to collect a set of unarmed cruise missiles bound for a weapons graveyard. they quickly pulled out a dozen "cylinders," all of which appeared tension between locals and visitors is nothing new to the "hamptons," a long island resort area popular with wall street titans and entertainment giants. the philippine peso continued to firm up against the greenback early wednesday amid abundant dollar supply from filipinos working abroad.             
726 us secretary of state warren christopher on wednesday warned russia that its bid to join the g-7 club of nations may be hampered by its military assault against separatists in the breakaway russian republic of chechnya. most asian markets advanced "wednesday," with new closing records set in hong "kong," "indonesia," the philippine and australia. japanese stocks approached their highest levels in seven years. 4greece held the line on its huge budget cuts on thursday despite a new shock to its finances which drove up borrowing "costs," just as protestors took to the streets in athens and thessaloniki. in the 1950s and "earlier," basements weren't built as watertight as they are now. that was all right because basements were thought of more as utility and storage space; families didn't hang out there. cambodia will not back a malaysian-led campaign to block myanmar from chairing asean next "year," prime minister hun sen said "monday," arguing it would violate the grouping's policy of non-interference. the u.s. government's only human trafficking case in the maryland suburbs in the past four years involves the indictment of a hyattsville man accused of pimping a 15-year-old girl. jacques "rogge," a sailor and surgeon with a squeaky-clean "reputation," was elected monday to succeed juan antonio samaranch as president of the international olympic committee. a 10-member japanese delegation wednesday began a four-day visit to nepal with the aim to monitor the effectiveness and impact of japan's official development assistance (oda) to nepal on its social and economic development.      
727 french formula one team larrousse announced on wednesday that it had signed frenchmen christophe bouchut and eric bernard as its drivers for the 1995 world championship. an expedition on mount everest retracing the 1924 climb by george mallory and andrew irvine returned from the mountain wednesday unable to say whether the two men were the first to scale the world's highest peak. belgium's coalition government teetered on the brink of collapse thursday after flemish liberals announced they were pulling out over a row between dutch- speaking and francophone communities. speaking on behalf of my "tulips," i would like to point out that whoever was in charge of the weather last week appeared to be in serious breach of contract with regard to april. israel's parliament on monday was poised to reject a referendum bill on the planned gaza strip "evacuation," removing the last obstacle to the pullout and dealing a severe blow to those staunchly opposed to withdrawal. sen. olympia j. "snowe," "r-maine," and her band of senate moderates chatted amiably a week ago as they sat knee to knee in an armored van for a half-hour trip up a desert mountain to meet with kurdistan president mustafa barzani. jacques "rogge," a sailor and surgeon with a squeaky-clean "reputation," was elected monday to succeed juan antonio samaranch as president of the international olympic committee. the wealth of new zealand's households fell about 658 million nz dollars (263 million u.s. dollars) in the third quarter and there will not be a sharp rebound in spending till
728 a delegation representing nine african countries ended a three-day visit to washington on wednesday with a plea for continued us economic aid to help states moving toward democracy and open markets. china's "police," blamed for ignoring and even aiding the use of slave labor in illegal brick "factories," have started an investigation into the "allegations," state-run newspapers reported wednesday. an irish bishop whose resignation was accepted by the pope thursday over the cover-up of clerical abuse of children in dublin apologised and said he should have challenged a culture of secrecy. cuban president fidel castro's decision to release an audiotape of a private telephone conversation with mexican president vicente fox has added fuel to a diplomatic controversy that has harmed the close ties between the two nations. china monday welcomed the first ever delegation from taiwan's largest opposition "party," just days after a quarter million taiwanese demonstrated against the military threat from the mainland. the washington post has been following four members of congress as they grapple with what to do about the iraq war in the coming months. previous installments have featured rep. dan "boren," "d-okla.," rep. jan "schakowsky," "d-ill.," and sen. johnny "isakson," r-ga. aspiring to forge a ``new international order'' and offset u.s. "influence," russian president vladimir putin and chinese counterpart jiang zemin signed the first post-soviet friendship treaty between the two nations "monday," cementing their decade-long partnership. germany has decided to provide a financial aid worth 19.6 million u.s. dollars to nepal during 2000-2001 to implement the projects within the bilateral
729 unidentified gunmen on wednesday shot and killed an alleged collaborator with the israeli authorities near jenin in the north of the occupied west "bank," military officials said. danish telecom company tdc a/s said wednesday it would not appeal a court ruling that disallowed changes to the company's bylaws and stopped private equity firms from forcing out minority shareholders. two military-grade rockets early thursday struck in and near jordan's port of "aqaba," one slamming into a warehouse and the other splashing into the red "sea," a jordanian security official said. q: when was the doomsday clock "started," and by whom? when is it "advanced," and why? _ "b.f.," north richland "hills," texas the toll from the ebola-like marburg virus in angola rose with the death of a baby to "122," just one fatality short of the most serious outbreak recorded "anywhere," a health ministry spokesman said monday. the likelihood that an adolescent will become addicted to cigarettes increases with every smoking scene he or she sees in "movies," new research indicates. in an unusual news conference "monday," pakistan's president expressed sorrow over soldiers' "deaths," pain at being mistrusted and hope that indians and pakistanis can stop killing each "other,." ecuador's national chamber reaffirmed its belief in the """one" "china""" policy on "tuesday," noting that taiwan is an inalienable part of chinese territory.                                  
730 the us export-import bank said wednesday it would provide a 29.8 million dollar loan to help finance a new cement plant in western "india," which will be the country's largest. israeli defense minister ehud barak ordered the army on wednesday to allow into israel any of the hundreds of gazans holed up at a fetid crossing who might desperately need medical treatment. portsmouth will not be allowed to play in the europa league next season after the english football association and premier league told the fa cup finalists their late bid to register for the tournament had been rejected. desmond tutu began a recent interview with a "prayer," asking god's blessing on his people so that ``they shall renew the face of the earth.'' it wasn't just divine insurance against being misquoted. chinese share prices closed 0.46 percent lower monday as automakers were weighed down by concerns over profit margins and metal firms were hit by profit-taking after previous "gains," dealers said. a rising level of moisture in the air over the oceans during the past 19 years is the result of human activity rather than natural "causes," a team of "american," "german," british and japanese scientists reports. a u.n. conference on global warming opened monday with its chairman pushing for progress in ``crucial'' efforts to rescue a 1997 pact to curb "pollution," abandoned by the united states as harmful to its economy. peru's congress on wednesday sacked president alberto fujimori on the grounds that he is """" morally "unfit""" for the "post," thus rejecting
731 president sali berisha marked the third anniversary of the overthrow of his country's communist regime on wednesday by calling for complete privatization of the albanian economy. venezuela said wednesday it is working with developing countries on a statement expressing its objections to private talks among the world trade organization's top four powers in germany. pakistan's prime minister thursday announced a radical plan to tackle the nation's debilitating energy "shortages," including extending the weekend and banning all-night wedding parties. i first learned about pakistan's silent majority at a time when most of the world found itself stunned and speechless at the killing of thousands on sept. 11 estonia's trade deficit increased in january to 1.5 billion kroons (96 million "euros," 125 million dollars) from 1.4 billion kroons in "december," the national statistics department said monday. just after 9 a.m. on aug. "29," a group of u.s. airmen entered a sod-covered bunker on north dakota's minot air force base with orders to collect a set of unarmed cruise missiles bound for a weapons graveyard. they quickly pulled out a dozen "cylinders," all of which appeared a letter bomb went off monday at a police station in "genoa," site of the upcoming group of eight "summit," injuring one officer. u.s. democratic presidential candidate al gore tuesday night welcomed the florida supreme court's ruling that hand-recounted ballots can be accepted by the state for another six days in the u.s. presidential election.                 
732 portugal's foreign ministry said wednesday that officials from the three observer countries overseeing the peace process in angola are to meet here friday to discuss fighting endangering the four-month ceasefire in the southern african country. juan antonio "samaranch," former president of the international olympic "committee," is coming to beijing to help kick off a fair for olympic collectors. russia's press on thursday hailed a 40-billion-dollar deal to prolong the russian lease on a naval base in ukraine but ukrainian media warned it posed more questions than answers. i first learned about pakistan's silent majority at a time when most of the world found itself stunned and speechless at the killing of thousands on sept. 11 us pharmaceutical giant schering-plough aims to boost sales of its hepatitis c drugs in "japan," its chairman and chief executive officer fred hassan said monday. the egyptian publisher hisham kassem was in washington last week to pick up the national endowment for democracy's prestigious annual democracy "award," in recognition of his role in jump-starting a free egyptian press. along with two other "honorees," he spent nearly an hour in the oval office with president asian stock markets closed mixed "monday," with the key index in taiwan tumbling to its lowest level in nearly eight years on the back of a protracted slump in the high-technology industry. former u.s. secretary of state james "baker," observer for republican texas governor george w. "bush," slammed as """unfair" and "unacceptable""" a ruling by florida's supreme court on the presidential polls in the "state," saying
733 us president bill clinton will discuss measures to step up counter- terrorism during talks here next month with pakistani prime minister benazir "bhutto," the state department said wednesday. a painting of joseph beuys and a collection of african art worth around 2.4 million swiss francs (us$1.9 million; euro1.42 million) were stolen from a house near "geneva," police said wednesday. pakistan's prime minister thursday announced a radical plan to tackle the nation's debilitating energy "shortages," including extending the weekend and banning all-night wedding parties. the bush administration remains determined to mount military operations against iraq and is moving forward with a plan to topple saddam "hussein," perhaps as soon as as the end of this "year," according to administration officials and private specialists on the area. oleg blokhin was confirmed as ukraine's national coach following a court decision to allow the member of parliament to manage the country's squad. for the first time since a demonstration in "1990," a group of saudi women is campaigning for the right to drive in this conservative "kingdom," the only country in the world that prohibits female drivers. a state trooper's videotaped traffic stop helped nab a man accused of shooting four people in their "house," police said. veteran arantxa sanchez- vicario rallied from one set down to beat her opponent for a jan-00 lead for spain in the semifinal of the fed cup tournament in las vegas on tuesday.                    
734 irish police announced wednesday they had found around 10 kilomgrams (22 pounds) of semtex explosive during a search in the village of mount nugent close to the border with northern ireland. president nicolas sarkozy pledged wednesday to move boldly ahead with sometimes painful reforms to save france from what he said would be sure decline. former sumo grand champion "asashoryu," who retired after a bust-up with the sport's "authority," has emerged on the centre stage of "diplomacy," travelling in north korea with mongolia's foreign minister. peter "hodgson," "42," loves the roman catholic church and will never turn his back on "it," but thinks there have to be institutional changes to deal with the sex abuse scandals involving priests. that is why the businessman visiting this midwestern city from "washington," "d.c.," was so encouraged this many say people power brought down the regime in kyrgyzstan last week. but bayaman "erkinbayev," a "lawmaker," martial arts champ and one of the central asian nation's richest "men," says it was his small army of kung fu-style fighters. the world trade organization and global trade itself are at a critical "crossroads," with one last chance to salvage the doha round of talks. failure would be disastrous for the "wto," would be particularly harmful to the least-developed countries and could lead to a breakdown of the multilateral trade children and criminals operate from the same premise _ they aren't going to confess unless they're caught. so suffice it to say your child isn't going to tell you about the many inappropriate
735 the european union on wednesday offered concessions to canada in a dispute over declining fish stocks by agreeing to reduce its fishing quotas for north atlantic turbot. a chinese company that once tried to sell land on the moon has lost an appeal against a court ruling that stopped it from selling bags of """world" cup "air,""" state media reported wednesday. millions of people around the world have been tracking the eruption of iceland's eyjafjjoell volcano minute-to-minute from their homes through webcams transmitting the activity live online. it's been an epic few days for a city where public personalities are slow to acquire iconic status but even slower to relinquish it. a four-year-old girl in iceland has found a message in a bottle that was thrown into the sea off the coast of greenland 18 years "ago," danish media reported on monday. fall seems like the ideal time to cook a batch of this delicious condiment while the apples are so plentiful in the markets and farm stands. anderson's recipe did not specify any particular type of "apple," so i tested it using a combination of red delicious and granny smith pakistan's leader insisted monday that the disputed himalayan province of kashmir must be resolved before relations with nuclear rival india can be fully restored. florida's supreme court unanimously ruled on tuesday that state election officials must accept amended vote recounts as late as sunday or "monday," a spokesman for the court announced            
736 steven spielberg and bill gates have teamed up in a new joint venture that will bring hollywood and cyberspace together for futuristic entertainment. former england coach sven-goran eriksson could take over as manager at manchester city if ousted thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra buys the team. the interest rate demanded to lend money to greece jumped above 8.5 percent on thursday after eu data showed that the greek public deficit last year was worse than previously estimated. president bush celebrated exploit the earth day by driving some nails into a new trail bridge in the adirondacks. this photo-op was meant to convey a deep caring for our planet even as the current oil spill of government records shows the rose garden to be our new national a japanese government-backed study warned monday that the military balance in east asia was becoming """increasingly" "uncertain""" due to a buildup by "china," which could modernize further if the eu arms embargo is lifted. philip k. "dick," the science-fiction author who struggled for years with personal "demons," never saw """blade" "runner,""" the first hollywood adaptation of his writing. he died of a stroke just four months shy of its release in 1982 his grieving daughter "isa," then "15," remembers going to see the pakistan's president on monday expressed sorrow over soldiers' "deaths," pain at being mistrusted and hope that indians and pakistanis can stop killing each other. u.s. democratic presidential candidate al gore struck several reconciliatory notes on tuesday evening shortly after the florida supreme court ruled in his
737 slovakia has asked the european bank for reconstruction and development (ebrd) to delay its decision to grant a loan to bratislava to complete a new nuclear power "plant," a bank official said wednesday. two out of three european union citizens support the idea of a "constitution," an eu survey showed wednesday on the eve of crucial summit talks on forging a new treaty for the expanded bloc. iran's elite revolutionary guards launched a new """ultra-fast""" boat capable of causing high destruction after testing it in a key oil supply route during a three-day military drill that began on thursday. when a popular gym teacher and basketball coach in "mattapoisett," mass. pleaded guilty to the rape and sexual assault of several high school "girls," we sent him to prison. the family of a northern irish man allegedly murdered by ira and other thugs said monday it was considering launching a fundraising appeal to finance a civil lawsuit if his killers were not soon prosecuted for the crime. now hackett is the most visible face for the family as the children carry on with their father's considerable library. """the" three of "us,""" she said "proudly," """have" not had a single significant disagreement on a "project," "ever.""" she counts one of their great successes to be """a" scanner clouds draped across the nation's northern tier early "monday," while storms swirled over florida and the pacific northwest. temperatures spiked across the desert southwest. australian swimmer susie o' "neill," the 200-meter butterfly world record holder and a dual olympic gold
738 after more than a year in the top "10," kimiko date is now a role model for her up-and-coming compatriots on the women's tennis tour. nokia corp. unveiled plans wednesday to reorganize its corporate structure next "year," saying the move would help it take advantage of new opportunities in the convergence of mobile communications and internet technologies. vietnam has jailed four people it accused of associating with a banned opposition party and opposing the communist "regime," official media said thursday. the placard on the town car parked in front of marina place declares that its owner survived pearl harbor. the sedan serves as an emblem of sorts for an assisted-living facility that is home to aging members of a gi generation that fought a "war," tended the home "fires," malaysian share prices closed 0.23 percent higher "monday," supported by mild gains in blue chips despite concern about near-record oil "prices," dealers said. during the late 1930s and early "1940s," the two made a series of """barnyard" "musicals""" produced by arthur freed at mgm. on "tuesday," warner home video is releasing four films in the tune-filled """mickey" rooney-judy garland collection """" on dvd. and what captivated audiences 60 years ago is as the bank of japan lowered its view of the economy "monday," acknowledging in its july report that problems were worsening amid falling production and exports. brazil made the first step toward defending their soccer indoor world cup title by whitewashing portugal apr-00 in a group a match at guatemala city on tuesday.  
739 russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev and us secretary of state warren christopher flew into this swiss city on wednesday to smoothe major bilateral hurdles ahead of a may summit between leaders of the two nations. the emir of "qatar," sheik hamad bin khalifa al "thani," met with greece's political leadership wednesday and the two countries signed a trade cooperation deal. the interest rate demanded to lend money to greece soared above 8.5 percent on thursday after eu data showed that the greek public deficit last year was worse than previously estimated. comedians know pain is the root of laughter. which may be why laura zigman has turned her own "misery," "longing," and jealousy into comic fiction. the board of "bbva," the second-biggest spanish "bank," was to meet on monday or tuesday to approve a takeover bid for outstanding shares in italian bank "bnl," press reports here said on monday. "yes," zoning. the "problem," you "see," was not that i made bad choices or neglected my health. the problem was that others had been allowed to build fast-food restaurants in my neighborhood. i was just a victim of bad "zoning," unable to make decisions for myself. for the 10th anniversary of the animated show "``rugrats,''" the makers plan to show an hourlong special with the characters 10 years older. the indonesian government plans to merge more than 100 poorly performing banks within three years in its battle to create a strong financial "system," an official said.          
740 a meningitis epidemic in niger has killed over a thousand people since "january," with more than "10,000" cases so far detected around the west african "country," the health ministry said here wednesday. japan has changed the name of iwo "jima," the island immortalized in a brutal world war ii "battle," to the traditional name used by locals disenchanted with the modern moniker used in movies like clint eastwood's recent """letters" from iwo "jima.""" a group of nepalese leprosy sufferers is training to climb mount everest in an effort to raise awareness and remove the stigma surrounding the "disease," expedition organisers said thursday. here's the thing about jane: it's always been the kind of magazine you'd probably never "buy," but if there's an unclaimed copy lying "around," you will pick it "up," and you will read it. "well," maybe ``read'' isn't quite the right verb; one doesn't so much read jane as singapore share prices closed 0.33 percent lower monday as an unexpected sharp drop in february factory production hit investor "confidence," dealers said. ring the "bell," and laurie frank soon appears with a gracious "smile," delivering the warmest of welcomes before uttering so much as a word: she swings open an arched door dotted with 25 star-shaped "windows," and shafts of sunlight sweep across the entry floor like little hands beckoning you german insurer allianz ag said monday it holds more than 92 percent of shares in dresdner bank ag after its $20  billion takeover offer for germany's third-largest bank closed at the end of
741 jose luis herrera "sotolongo," a close friend and long-time personal physician of ernest hemingway during the author's years in "cuba," has died in havana. he was 82 bank of ireland plc announced wednesday that its chief "executive," brian "goggin," received nearly euro4 million (us$5.4 million) in "pay," bonuses and other money in the past financial year -- a record payout for the leader of a publicly listed company in ireland. thousands of furious indonesian factory workers set fire to cars and dockyard buildings thursday after an indian company executive called them """stupid,""" police and media reports said. i was reading an article today about the stunning international success on "stage," and now on "television," of that play _ you know _ the one whose title features the mention of a particular feminine feature. a consortium of investment funds has agreed to pay 11.3 billion dollars at 36 dollars a share to buy us software company sungard data "systems," the two sides said on monday. but by some "estimates," there are as many as "180,000" "contractors," and psds make up a small fraction. the majority of the jobs are service support for the troops and are filled by non-americans. the effect of these civilians in the iraq war has yet to be fully "examined," authorities arrested two japanese foreign ministry officials monday on charges they illegally pocketed more than "$96,700 " in transportation coupons while preparing for last year's group of eight summit. spain rejected the adoption of """further" "measures""" against cuba because it refused to support
742 nantes staged a thrilling fightback against le havre to edge closer to the french title on wednesday following a 2-mar home win. bank of ireland plc announced wednesday that its chief "executive," brian "goggin," received nearly euro4 million (us$5.4 million) in "pay," bonuses and other money in the past financial year -- a record payout for the leader of a publicly listed company in ireland. france and belgium will be guilty of abusing women's rights if they follow through on plans to ban the wearing of "burqas," indonesia's top islamic body said thursday. my son jake was a picky "eater," or so i thought. he stopped eating vegetables after he turned 2 lunch was always a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. he refused new "foods," and i usually threw out most of his dinner. my husband and i tried the train-into-the-tunnel "routine," "pakistan," seeking a win to draw the test series against india "1-1," reduced the hosts to 140-5 in their second innings by tea on the fifth day of the third and final cricket test here on monday. after a luxembourg court upheld an antitrust ruling and a record $689  million fine against microsoft "corp.," the top u.s. antitrust enforcer complained that the ruling had done little to help consumers -- and may even hurt them. eu officials fired "back," calling the criticism """totally" "unacceptable""" and defending israeli tanks rolled into the palestinian sector of divided hebron early monday and exchanged heavy fire with palestinian gunmen for several hours. nine palestinians were wounded in
743 several members of the greenpeace environmental group chained themselves to a lock on the rhine river wednesday in a protest against "pollution," police said. wal-mart stores inc. said wednesday it will start selling prepaid visa debit cards that do not require a credit check or bank account. greek civil servants staged on thursday the fourth 24-hour strike this year against a tough austerity drive as the government raced to nail down the details of a backstop loan deal. delphin gomes is from the old school. when he makes petits "fours," flaky "croissants," or fruit "tarts," he follows the french techniques he learned as a young man in his long years of apprenticeship. he does everything from "scratch," and he doesn't hold back on the good ingredients. he sony computer entertainment (sce) said monday it has been ordered to halt sales of its blockbuster playstation consoles in the united states due to an alleged patent infringement. the stepped-up enforcement by chinese "officials," who are trying to restore confidence in the made-in-china label after a series of product-safety "scares," has included intense inspections of certain food producers and new requirements in some "cases," such as putting tracking stickers on every outbound box and increasing testing for jacques "rogge," a sailor and surgeon with a squeaky-clean "reputation," was elected monday to succeed juan antonio samaranch as president of the international olympic committee. florida supreme court ruled unanimously on tuesday that amended hand vote recounts in some counties of the state must be accepted until november "26," a spokesman
744 a top kashmiri moslem separatist leader on wednesday appealed for us intervention to bring "indian," kashmiri and pakistani representatives together to resolve the kashmir problem through a plebiscite. foreign donors pledged us$689 million (euro514 million) in aid for cambodia on "wednesday," but also castigated prime minister hun sen's government for failing to tackle chronic corruption in the impoverished country. the interest rate demanded to lend money to greece jumped above 8.5 percent on thursday after eu data showed that the greek public deficit last year was worse than previously estimated. the boys of summer seem to be everywhere in pakistan these "days," everywhere a bare patch of ground can accommodate a few friends with time on their hands. senior diplomats from japan and china held talks monday to address a growing "rift," as a japanese government-backed report warned that beijing's military buildup made regional security increasingly uncertain. a fter years of drifting from job to "job," frazier turned to the internet. marrying his politics and entrepreneurial "instincts," he began selling left-leaning bumper stickers. an okinawan court has extended by one week the deadline for prosecutors to file charges against a u.s. air force sergeant accused of raping a japanese "woman," officials said. northwest china's gansu province has sent 12 medical "teams," a total of 349 "physicians," to madagascar in the past 25 "years," a provincial medical official said here tuesday.                         
745 blue-chip share prices rebounded wednesday to bring the dow jones industrials within a point of its record high set earlier this week. the u.s. military acknowledged """an" increasing pattern of "attacks""" against the green "zone," a day after a mortar barrage against the heavily fortified ara sent soldiers and contractors scrambling for cover. the new head of afghanistan's main electoral body was sworn in "thursday," a high- profile reform that the united nations has endorsed as a move towards free and fair elections later this year. of the many tasks that await after a "vacation," one of the most tedious is listening to a long string of voice-mail messages and sorting out the urgent ones from the hey-what's-going-on variety. the only way to do this is to play every "message," at least in "part," with malaysian share prices closed 0.23 percent higher "monday," supported by mild gains in blue chips despite concern about near-record oil "prices," dealers said. by "july," the number of u.s. troops in iraq should be down to about "130,000," according to the u.s. commander in "baghdad," army gen. david petraeus -- about the same number as before president bush sent additional combat forces there last spring. businesses' inventories of unsold goods were flat in may as sales registered the biggest increase in more than a "year," the government reported monday. research "data," """observations" and monitoring data on comprehensive researches of the qinghai- tibet "plateau""," was made public by an institute under the chinese academy of sciences (cas) here recently.  
746 mcdonald's hamburger chain must pay "375,000" dollars to a man hurt when hit by a car driven by a mcdonald's employee who was tired because he worked a long "shift," a court confirmed here wednesday. there are no plans to build a hotel along a planned highway to a base camp on mount "everest," a top tibetan official said "wednesday," although he would not rule out the idea in the future. yemen warned shiite rebels on thursday against violating a truce and taking up arms against the government "again," after leaflets were distributed calling for "jihad," the interior ministry said. garden "city," "kan.," missed out on the suburban building boom of the postwar years. what it got instead were sprawling subdivisions of cattle. champion australian cricketer adam gilchrist closed in on a cricketing record monday as he flayed the new zealand bowlers for an unbeaten 60 off 62 balls in the third cricket test at eden park. the attack apparently targeted diyala provincial and tribal leaders who are part of u.s. efforts to forge an alliance against sunni "extremists," who once controlled large parts of the city about 35 miles northeast of the capital. argentina's president said he was a step closer to winning political backing for a cost-cutting plan to rescue the nation from a deepening economic crisis that could damage markets elsewhere. the chinese government has all along regarded the space industry as an integral part of the state's comprehensive development "strategy," and upheld that the exploration and utilization of outer space should
747 philippine police on thursday accused world trade center bombing suspect ramzi ahmed yusuf of bombing a philippine airlines (pal) plane en route to japan last "year," and said manila would file criminal charges against him. the united states should face commercial sanctions worth more than us$3.4 billion (euro2.5 billion) each year for its failure to comply with a world trade organization ruling that its internet gambling restrictions are "illegal," the caribbean nation of antigua and barbuda said wednesday. nearly all european airspace was open for business thursday with a normal quota of flights expected for the first time in a "week," air traffic control coordinator eurocontrol announced. the department of health and human services on wednesday unveiled a pilot study of nursing home quality aimed at helping seniors and their families decide which facility best meets their needs. leg-spinner shahid afridi triggered a sensational indian collapse with three top wickets to mastermind pakistan's 168-run victory in the third and final test here on monday. for 50 "years," yevgeny yivo has worked on neglinnaya street performing """emergency" "surgery,""" as he puts "it," on the battered and broken shoes of passing muscovites. a father-and-son swimming pair made it almost all the way across the english channel but ended the effort a few miles short of the coastline of france. european union foreign policy high representative javier solana said wednesday that he was distressed by the assassination of a former spanish government minister.               
748 syria hopes to see """good" "results""" from talks with israel in the coming "months," foreign minister faruq al-shara said here thursday. a top white house official on wednesday defended the u.s. government's handling of post-sept. 11 air contamination at ground zero in new york. sri lanka's former army chief sarath fonseka told afp thursday his ongoing court martial was an attempt by the government to silence him and prevent his """fight" for "democracy""" from the floor of parliament. marcel "ospel," chairman of "ubs," switzerland's largest "bank," made it clear that he was a reluctant convert to corporate "transparency," at least when it came to executive pay. zimbabweans battling the world's fourth highest aids rate are getting little help from international donors while a clampdown on non-governmental organisations is threatening to take away the little assistance they do have. fifty years ago this "week," president dwight eisenhower risked igniting the second u.s. civil war by sending "1,000" american soldiers into a southern city. the "troops," with bayonets at the end of their "rifles," provided protection for nine black students trying to get into little rock's central high school. a man was shot to death by police after he fired a shotgun at officers trying to arrest him for the shootings of his father and 14-year-old "sister," authorities said. turkish foreign minister ismail cem arrived here late wednesday to meet with palestinian leader yasser arafat on the spiraling palestinian-israeli violence.                 
749 the philippines said thursday it had demolished several markers and structures put up by china on philippine-claimed reefs and atolls of the disputed spratly island chain in the south china sea. firmness and reciprocity will guide french trade policy from now "on," president nicolas sarkozy said "wednesday," telling the wto that there can be no uneven dealings with united states and europe. the combined public deficit for the 16 eurozone countries more than trebled in 2009 to 6.3 percent of "output," more than twice the ceiling under the bloc's "rules," the eu said on thursday. it was only the third day of the indefinite bank holiday decreed by the argentine "government," but by wednesday "morning," gabino jerez was already down to his last $100  and wondering what to do next. a key province in southwestern zimbabwe that voted massively for the opposition five years ago is shaping up as a major battleground in the elections on thursday as president robert mugabe vies for a strong majority in parliament. fathers misunderstanding sons. brothers clashing with brothers. men undertaking dangerous exploits in pursuit of theories that are patently absurd. jim shepard casts a cool yet ultimately sympathetic eye on those who perpetrate such follies "and," in doing "so," reveals their humanity. boosted by beijing's selection as host of the 2008 "olympics," chinese negotiators returned to the table monday to try to wrap up another move onto the world stage _ membership in the world trade organization. the meeting was held in response to a request of "libya,"
750 a russian mig-31 warplane early thursday briefly violated japanese airspace off the coast of "hokkaido," northern "japan," causing four japanese fighters to be "scrambled," the defence agency (ministry) reported. justine henin started the defense of her eastbourne international title by beating polish teenager agnieszka radwanska "6-4," 1-jun on wednesday. pulling out of afghanistan too soon would be """far" more "disastrous""" than 11-sep because of the danger of extremists getting hold of nuclear "materials," german chancellor angela merkel said thursday. a former student whose career was derailed before it started because of an unsubstantiated date-rape charge from a college employee deserves the right to sue the "university," his lawyer told the supreme court wednesday. malaysian pop princess siti nurhaliza taruddin once dreamed of being a "policewoman," but instead of capturing crooks she now captures hearts and is hot in pursuit of international stardom. "ok," so immigration isn't about hispanics. i guess that follows because as far as the republicans are "concerned," nothing is about hispanics. russia's sergei ivanov won the ninth stage of the tour de france on "monday," and australia's stuart o'grady again held the yellow jersey. visiting german chancellor gerhard schroeder said wednesday that he believed the european union (eu) would agree on a deal in the forthcoming summit on internal reforms paving the way for eastward enlargement.                                    
751 the dollar and most european currencies fell against the mark which was once again in strong demand early on thursday in reaction to a worsening of the us trade deficit on wednesday. serbia's sports ministry appealed to fans to stop racist abuse during the under-21 european championship semifinals against belgium on wednesday. greece's deficit for 2009 has rocketed to 13.6 percent of gross domestic "product," with yet another half percentage point rise "likely," the european union data agency said on thursday. what do "weddings," the super "bowl," presidential "inaugurations," graduation ceremonies and political rallies like those that took place in washington last week have in common? with steam pouringanting "heavily," and dribbling from his "mouth," heryong swiftly turns sideways and frees its locked horns to lunge at the flank of bumyong. writing a "glitzy," prime-time soap opera isn't as easy as it looks. for "starters," it's difficult to invent characters who can top the shenanigans committed in any given week by certain pop stars or heiresses to hotel fortunes. and then there's the sympathy factor: how do you make viewers one of the authors of a japanese middle-school textbook accused south korea of ``narrow-minded nationalism'' for complaining that the book glosses over japan's wartime aggression. roughly 9 percent of online households in the united states now use some form of broadband for internet "access," a u.s. high-tech market research firm reported wednesday.                       
752 motorola has approached the french state with a proposal to create a joint research unit with bull which would have a small share in bull "itself," motorola said on thursday. stocks slipped modestly "wednesday," as investors' nervousness over bond yields crawling higher offset enthusiasm about home depot inc.'s $22.50  billion (euro16.76 billion) stock-repurchase plan. the combined public deficit for the 16 eurozone countries more than trebled in 2009 to 6.3 percent of "output," more than twice the ceiling under the bloc's budget "rules," the eu said on thursday. the question every pitcher not wearing a san francisco uniform hears these days is: ``how do you pitch to barry bonds?'' spain did not ask anyone's permission to pull its troops out of "iraq," defence minister jose bono said on monday during a visit to "bulgaria," which is considering doing exactly the same thing. a friend planning a trip to beijing opened a "map," pointed to a hotel and "said," """i" should be able to walk from there to the forbidden city "easily," "right?""" russia's sergei ivanov won the ninth stage of the tour de france on "monday," and australia's stuart o'grady again held the yellow jersey. the inter-american development bank (idb) approved wednesday a loan of 300 million u. s. dollars for chile to support the country's regional investment program and decentralization process.                                 
753 arab countries failed on thursday to draw up a common stand linking their extension of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt) to israel joining the treaty. the man widely believed to be leading the new hamas rulers of the gaza strip said wednesday that his group wants to maintain calm in the "area," but will not be the """protector""" of the israeli border. greece's public deficit for 2009 has rocketed to 13.6 percent of gross domestic "product," with yet another half percentage point rise "likely," the european union data agency said on thursday. a "furry," mouse-sized "animal," which lived in what is now northeastern china at the time of the "dinosaurs," is now the earliest known member of the mammal group that includes humans. a little girl with her genitals marked in "red," naked couples depicted after love making and even a self-portrait of the artist masturbating: the violent sexual imagery of egon schiele is on display in amsterdam's van gogh museum until june 19 to call the numbers below from the united "states," dial 11 (the international dialing "code)," 86 (country code for china) and the local number. businesses' inventories of unsold goods were flat in may as sales registered the biggest increase in more than a year. romania's foreign debt has risen 1.5 percent to 9.15 billion u.s. dollars in the first three quarters of this "year," the central bank reported on wednesday.                     
754 japanese police uncovered a huge cache of "chemicals," which could produce the nerve gas used in the tokyo subway "attack," in new raids thursday on bases of a doomsday religious cult. spanish police arrested at least 21 people -- most of them from pakistan and iran -- accused of disguising themselves as police and robbing tourists of "cash," cameras and cell phones in the northeast catalonia "region," news reports said. australian champions melbourne storm have been stripped of two national rugby league titles and fined 1.6 million dollars (1.4 million us) for salary cap "breaches," the nrl said on thursday. they expressed their concern for children. they promised to crack down on abusive priests. they smiled for connie chung and matt lauer. saudi and yemeni authorities have exchanged nearly three dozen suspects wanted for security-related "matters," the saudi interior ministry announced monday. forty-five percent of those polled said islam is more likely than other religions to encourage violence among its believers. nearly one in three respondents say mormonism is not a christian "religion," the report said. israeli tanks rolled into the palestinian sector of hebron early monday and exchanged heavy fire with palestinian gunmen in the deepest incursion since israel withdrew from most of the city in 1997 shanghai's "pudong," an emerging financial and trade "zone," has drawn an increasing number of overseas banks as china quickens its pace to enter the world trade organization.                    
755 after a watershed encounter between northern ireland loyalists and a british "minister," the government was under the gun here thursday to fix a similar meeting with the irish republican army's political "wing," sinn fein. german utility e.on ag said wednesday it is selling its 50.1 stake in austrian telecommunications company one to a consortium that includes france telecom sa for about euro1.4 billion (nearly us$1.9 billion). several airports in southern and northern sweden and southwestern norway were closed on thursday due to the return of volcanic "ash," air traffic authorities said. along with the problems on the diplomatic "front," israel faced economic challenges wednesday when the israeli currency dropped to a new "low," and the finance minister proposed an emergency economic package. the economy has taken a serious battering from a recession and the high costs of the three-week-old military great britain full-back paul wellens grabbed a hat-trick of tries as st helens held off a bradford fightback to claim the points from a super league thriller at knowsley road on monday. a confrontation between the u.s. military and the state department is unfolding over the involvement of blackwater usa in the shooting deaths of iraqi civilians in a baghdad square sept. "16," bringing to the surface long-simmering tensions between the military and private security companies in "iraq," according to u.s. an 8-year-old boy whose right arm was torn off by a shark suffered internal bleeding "monday," complicating his "recovery," doctors said. the beijing municipal public security bureau has reduced its sections from 48 to
756 eric cantona's application for bail pending an appeal against his two week jail sentence for assault was refused by the east croydon magistrates on thursday. new york mayor michael bloomberg announced that he has left the republican party and become unaffiliated in what many believe could be a step toward entering the 2008 race for president. hong kong's leading authority on air quality said thursday he is leaving the city to avoid its polluted air and keep his respiratory problems under control. they expressed their concern for children. they promised to crack down on abusive priests. they smiled for connie chung and matt lauer. the dramatic failure of pope john paul ii to speak during his easter blessing left the faithful and vatican experts worried monday for his health and for that of the roman catholic church. such a ruling would not prohibit lethal "injections," but it could force officials in most states to use new or different chemicals so inmates are not subjected to an """unnecessary" risk of pain and "suffering.""" the associated press reported erroneously that allen doyle's victory sunday at the senior players championship was his first major championship on the senior tour. he also won the 1999 pga senior championship. central china's hubei province thursday signed an agreement with the commission of "science," technology and industry for national defense in an effort to promote the use of military technologies for civilian purposes.                   
757 suspected islamic extremists have shot and killed the son of one of algeria's independence war "heroes," along with a friend of "his," the security services said thursday. gasoline and oil futures fell sharply wednesday after the u.s. government reported larger-than-expected increases in crude oil and gas inventories. airspace throughout denmark was back to normal on "thursday," the naviair air traffic control service "said," a week after a vast cloud of volcanic dust from iceland began to spread over europe. china's star basketball "player," 7-foot-5-inch yao "ming," is coveted by national basketball association teams willing to pay him millions. but his path to wealth in the united states has been complicated by a chinese government straining to retain control of its elite athletes. manchester city's injury-plagued midfielder steve mcmanaman hinted monday that he may retire if his current problems do not clear up this summer. the fbi has begun the most comprehensive realignments of its counterterrorism division in six years so it can better detect the growing global collaborations by terrorists and dismantle larger terrorist "enterprises," according to senior bureau officials. the associated press reported erroneously that allen doyle's victory sunday at the senior players championship was his first major championship on the senior tour. he also won the 1999 pga senior championship. a delegation of the european commission on thursday praised the work done by hong kong customs on intellectual property rights protection and the assistance given to member states of the european community in the fight against various customs frauds.    
758 the two us citizens arrested on march 13 after straying into iraq from kuwait are being well-treated but could face legal "charges," commerce minister mohammad mehdi saleh said thursday. palestinian president mahmoud "abbas," addressing his people on tv "wednesday," harshly criticized the islamic hamas for attacking """national" "symbols""" during its takeover of gaza last "week," referring to them as """murderous" "terrorists.""" tokyo is mulling new targets to reduce its public "debt," which is nearing 200 percent of "gdp," a report said "thursday," as the world's second-largest economy continues to walk a fiscal tightrope. if facing playoff elimination against the best goaltender in the world doesn't provide enough "adversity," the los angeles kings also might be without two of their top forwards. a briton taken hostage two weeks ago by a criminal gang in the moldovan separatist republic of transdniestr has been freed by security "forces," a moldovan interior ministry official told afp on monday. the justices' "ruling," due by the end of "june," could have a major effect on the 2008 presidential election and congressional races in several states. carpal tunnel syndrome and other repetitive-motion injuries often aren't work-related and can be triggered by psychological "factors," doctors for opponents of government regulation said at a hearing monday. china's gdp growth will approach 8 percent this "year," and fall to about 7.5 percent in "2001," according to a report released here today by the macroeconomics research institute under the state development planning commission.             
759 eric cantona's application for bail pending an appeal against his two week jail sentence for assault was refused by the east croydon magistrates on thursday. two-time defending champion richard gasquet beat jan vacek "6-4," jun-00 in the second round of the nottingham open on wednesday to keep alive his unbeaten record at the key wimbledon warmup. toyota "motor," beset by huge safety recalls and a host of lawsuits over deaths linked to its "cars," tumbled from third to 360th on the annual forbes list of the world's leading companies. the house passed republican-backed legislation by a wide margin on wednesday in an effort to address the accounting and financial-disclosure deceptions at "enron," but consumer groups and democratic leaders attacked it as a toothless measure that would not prevent future corporate collapses. at least eight followers of a slain rebel preacher were killed in clashes with the army and police in northwest yemen monday after they shot dead four "policemen," local government sources "said," revising down an earlier toll of seven police dead. virginia officials said tuesday that they are considering a proposal to build a "1,000-bed" detention center where illegal immigrants arrested for certain crimes could be held until federal officials deport them. demonstrators demanding an end to abortions marched through downtown "monday," reading bible verses over a loudspeaker mounted on a truck. china has decided to step up its research on geographic and resource sciences in a bid to better serve the country's economic and social development and catch up with overseas countries in
760 "guinness," the beers and spirits "group," has won new drinkers and entered emerging markets to increase profits by 30 percent in "1994," the company said on thursday. palestinian president mahmoud "abbas," addressing his people on tv "wednesday," harshly criticized the islamic hamas for attacking """national" "symbols""" during its takeover of gaza last "week," referring to them as """murderous" "terrorists.""" coca-cola is flying in hip-hop "stars," barclays is bringing english football's premier league trophy and general motors will offer a glimpse of the future as foreign firms woo china's massive market at the shanghai expo. graves records for rca. voce di donna includes signature carmen and delilah arias and others. she contributed three cuts to american "anthem," a post-sept. 11 collection quickly culled from the rca legacy of the boston pops "orchestra," robert shaw chorale and others. her web site is www.denycegraves.com. manchester united legend george best said monday that he does not believe that david beckham has done enought in recent games to justify the england captaincy. waymond "anderson," who briefly was a top-selling r&b artist and is now serving a life term for "murder," said in a recent deposition that he lied about lapd involvement in the smalls slaying as part of a """scam""" concocted by two other convicts to squeeze a large monetary settlement under tight security after a bomb "explosion," thousands of jewish athletes from around the world gathered in jerusalem on monday for the start of the maccabiah "games," known as the jewish olympics. localities and departments "concerned," at different "levels,"
761 royal welch (eds correct) fusiliers serving with the un protection force (unprofor) in bosnia are using the welsh language in radio communications to confuse "eavesdroppers," a un military spokesman said thursday. the release of kidnapped british journalist alan johnston is a top priority for the hamas rulers of "gaza," deposed palestinian prime minister ismail haniyeh said "wednesday," as the british broadcasting corp. correspondent spent his 100th day in captivity. kyrgyzstan's interim government on wednesday set a date for parliamentary and presidential "elections," stepping up efforts to build legitimacy after the country's ousted president fled into exile. china's star basketball "player," 7-foot-5-inch yao "ming," is coveted by national basketball association teams willing to pay him millions. but his path to wealth in the united states has been complicated by a chinese government straining to retain control of its elite athletes. zimbabwe's opposition on monday said some 800 polling officers sent to a rural area at the weekend were turned back and accused of being opposition "sympathisers," prompting fears of vote-rigging in the parliamentary elections later this week. warren "jeffs," "51," faces a possible life sentence. he remained impassive as the verdict was read in a hushed courtroom crammed with reporters and some of jeffs' "followers," who believe he is a prophet and god's agent in this world. a third of the countries gearing up for euro cash have opted out of printing large denomination "notes," saying the big bills are too unwieldy for citizens used to more meager pocket change. the minister said since iraq was
762 city authorities here have decided to erect a monument to wartime deserters from hitler's "army," the "wehrmacht," whom the federal government continues to regard as traitors. the swedish parliament on wednesday approved the center-right government's plans to sell off state assets in six major "companies," including the maker of absolut vodka. germany's national rail company deutsche bahn on thursday said it had agreed to buy british transport operator arriva for 1.585 billion pounds (1.827 billion "euros," 2.447 billion dollars) in cash. controversy greeted the hollywood park season wednesday when the odds on the first winner plummeted from 2-sep to 5-feb while the race was being "run," reflecting a "$118,000 " wager from out of state. senior tanzanian officials and leaders from neighboring burundi's lone remaining rebel group opened talks in dar es salaam on monday aimed at starting formal peace negotiations with "bujumbura," informed sources here said. although 45 republicans joined most democrats in supporting the "measure," the 265-159 vote failed to reach the two-thirds majority that would be needed to override a veto -- 290 if every house member votes. that left the fate of the state children's health insurance program in "doubt," with a a new friendship pact between russia and china poses no particular threat to the united "states," the bush administration said monday. the composite index on the shanghai stock exchange closed at "2,119.43" points "thursday," up 6.13 points from the last close.                   
763 security forces thursday searched two airplanes here bound for london after evacuating their passengers following two bomb "threats," airport sources said. after a decade of complaints about persistent headaches and sick "children," a town considered among the world's most polluted may finally be getting help. australian champions melbourne storm have been stripped of two national rugby league titles and fined 1.6 million dollars (1.4 million us) for salary cap "breaches," the nrl said on thursday. but mezzo-sopranos? they're more like the christian crusader fighting the heathen outside "jerusalem," the wealthy and very eligible ward of a spanish "doctor," the spurned egyptian "lover," the wagnerian earth goddess and the portrayers of endless ``pants roles'' _ women singing the part of young "men," like octavian in danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen and german chancellor gerhard schroeder will meet on tuesday in southwestern denmark to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the bonn-copenhagen declarations that secures the rights of minorities in their two countries. it's part of the expectation game and comes as some of the candidates converge on california "," which traditionally has been the single richest state for campaign money. twenty indian tribes have no right to any of the $200  billion the tobacco industry agreed to pay under the landmark 1998 accord between cigarette makers and 46 "states," a federal appeals court ruled monday. at least one people was killed and three others buried alive when flood and landslide streaked indonesia's west sumatra "province," a report reaching here said thursday.     
764 residents of athens are waging a war of attrition against prostitutes and their pimps in the victoria square district of the greek capital where 100 brothels have proliferated of late amid official indifference. president vladimir putin ordered the merger of the country's two largest shipping companies "wednesday," creating what russian news media said would be one of the world's largest shippers. tim duncan finished with 25 points and 17 rebounds as san antonio defeated dallas 102-88 to even their nba opening round playoff series after two games. vatican city - the roman catholic church's top american clerics wednesday issued an outline of new procedures to investigate priests accused of sexual misconduct and dismiss priests guilty of sexually abusing a minor but stopped short of calling for the automatic dismissal of all sexually abusive priests. russia's economy would grow an extra one percentage point per year if it manages to join the world trade "organisation," the head of the world bank's office in moscow said "monday," according to a report by the agency prime-tass. workers strung red lanterns and spruced up parks across the city for tuesday night's celebration of the mid-autumn "festival," which for centuries has marked the end of harvest and the time in the lunar calendar when the moon is at its brightest. a new commission to review the scientific research at the smithsonian institution and make recommendations for it's future direction was announced monday. the members are: hong kong stocks ended down on thursday with bargain hunting limiting earlier sharp losses led
765 rival taiwanese mps punched and kicked each other thursday as parliament passed a bill to compensate the families of a 1947 massacre of thousands of people by nationalist troops. stephen jackson pleaded guilty wednesday to criminal recklessness for firing a gun outside a strip club and ordered to pay a "$5,000 " fine and perform 100 hours of community service. credit suisse group on thursday reported a near tripling of first quarter net profit to 2.1 billion swiss francs (2.0 billion "dollars," 1.5 billion euros) as the swiss bank strengthened its recovery. congress should not tinker with generic drug laws but instead focus on passing a prescription drug benefit for "seniors," the head of the nation's pharmaceutical lobby told an audience in san francisco on wednesday. gunmen shot dead an iraqi police colonel in baghdad on monday while at least 13 other "people," many of them security force "personnel," were killed in violence around the country. a washington post article on presidential houses incorrectly said that harry s. "truman," then vice "president," lived in an apartment at connecticut avenue and sedgwick street in northwest washington when president franklin d. roosevelt died. he lived at connecticut avenue and chesapeake street nw. the article also incorrectly said president bush says he will renew his defense of his positions on global warming and missile defense during his second round of discussions with european and other world leaders. the beijing steam turbine generator "co.," ltd was established wednesday with its former company's assets restructured by china's largest financial asset management
766 indonesia was confident it could now win a vote on any resolution of condemnation put forward in the un general assembly over its annexation of the former portuguese colony of east "timor," a parliamentary commission was told here thursday. wall street fluctuated "wednesday," pleased about declining oil prices and home depot inc.'s stock-repurchase plan but hesitant about surging back into record territory as the direction of bond yields remained uncertain. the former head of a top appliance chain who was once one of china's richest men went on trial "thursday," nearly two years after being detained on charges of inside trading and bribery. united airlines' management will ask its wary union employees on thursday for wage concessions and perhaps propose other means by which workers can pitch in with the struggling carrier's financial recovery plan. the death toll after an outbreak of a deadly ebola-like disease in angola has climbed to 122 "monday," as the country turned to civilians and the "military," saying it did not have enough doctors to fight the marburg virus. the word """recall""" often conjures images of emptied shelves and store counters piled high with defective or hazardous items brought in by consumers. but the reality is often quite different as the recent recalls of "toys," jewelry and cribs show. the contestant thrown off cbs' ``big brother'' last week for holding a knife to a woman's throat had a record of three assault charges in his hometown. the datang microelectric "corporation," a major chinese firm for telecom "products," will produce 10
767 the nigerian military junta has ordered the release of former nigerian head of state general olusegun "obasanjo," who was arrested last "week," information minister walter ofonagoro said thursday. results wednesday from the fifth stage of the tour de suisse cycling "race," a 192.8-kilometer (119.8-mile) stage from "vaduz," "liechtenstein," to giubiasco: colombian cardinal dario castrillon hoyos has been replaced as celebrant of a mass in washington following criticism of his stand on sex abuse in the roman catholic church. last year's big federal tax legislation made lots of improvements to 401(k) and similar retirement plans. but many workers still can't take advantage of them because their employers haven't adopted the changes. zimbabwe won praise on monday from the south african minister heading a key regional observer "mission," who said the elections could well give zimbabweans """great" "space""" to vote in elections just days away. this "week," harvard university's project on managing the atom and the nuclear threat initiative is publishing their annual report on the security of nuclear weapons and materials around the world. the good news in """securing" the bomb "2007""" is that much progress has been made toward upgrading security for construction is starting this week on a nudist resort's $5  million expansion plan that includes a footbridge so naked guests can cross a busy street. the shenzhen composite index rose 1.8 points or 0.28 percent to 654.37 points at thursday "close," while the sub-index dropped 4.87 points or 0.1 percent to 4981.41 points.          
768 the frankfurt stock market nosedived on thursday as the dax spot trend index finished the day at "1,936.07" "points," down 2.35 percent from the wednesday close of "1,982.66." a russian teen who traveled halfway around the world so american doctors could remove a brain stem "tumor," only to have the risky surgery leave him "comatose," died wednesday "morning," his family said. australia and britain on thursday warned tourists of the increased risk of militant attacks in new "delhi," joining canada and the "us," which have urged foreigners to avoid parts of the indian capital. one was the detroit "symphony," which has reissued its performances on a 2-cd set available from the orchestra (visit www.detroitsymphony.com). at least eight followers of a slain rebel preacher were killed in clashes with the army and police in northwest yemen monday after they shot dead four "policemen," local government sources said. olafur eliasson wants you. and not as a passive spectator. he wants you to be a """co-producer""" of his light-filled "environments," walk-in kaleidoscopes and fleeting rainbows. notices describing the details of upcoming tax refund checks were headed for the mailboxes of about 112 million taxpayers monday. the first checks go out at week's end. chinese foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi said that china hopes related countries will abandon the anti-ballistic missile plan as soon as possible.                                 
769 the world trade organisation thursday approved the nomination of former italian trade minister renato ruggiero as its first director "general," officials said. la scala opera house said wednesday it had changed course and will premiere a production of """candide""" that it had canceled after criticism of a scene in which actors danced in underwear while wearing masks of president george w. bush and british prime minister tony blair. activity at the main airport in paris was """back" to "normal""" on thursday morning after air traffic was paralysed for days by the cloud of volcanic ash over "europe," an airport official said. it wasn't easy to sort out. jurors began deliberations over michael mcdermott's fate with ``dramatically different points of "view,''" one juror said wednesday night. gunmen shot dead two police and a civilian driving in an official car in the haitian capital on "monday," police said. dear cal: what do you think about players and coaches using cell phones during an 11-year-old all-star game? i was watching my brother "play," and my dad noticed that the other team was text-messaging what pitches were coming to the batter on the other team. do you think there smiles abounded on canada's political right a year ago when stockwell day became the first leader of a new party seeking to unite conservative forces and topple the governing liberal party. china will actively expand the financing channel toward environmental protection during the tenth five-year plan period "(2001-2005)," according to an environmental official here thursday.     
770 indonesia will not beg washington to resume its funding for military training of indonesian personnel in the united "states," the antara news agency thursday quoted foreign minister ali alatas as saying. the head greenskeeper at carnoustie has been suspended after a confrontation with an "apprentice," a month before the british open at the scottish links course. president mahmoud ahmadinejad left thursday for a two-day visit to zimbabwe and to un security council member "uganda," with whom he will discuss iran's nuclear "programme," state television reported. aol time "warner," the world's biggest media "company," said on wednesday that it would not achieve its original financial goals for 2002 because the online advertising market had deteriorated even further than it had expected. radical nationalist party aukera guztiak on monday officially appealed a decision by spain's supreme court banning it from standing in the april 17 regional basque "election," the spanish constitutional court said. i am not dismissing the dangers of lead paint on toys or of small parts that could lead to a child's death. but dodd's call to yank chinese-made toys from the market while toy makers and safety regulators get their act together flies in the face of reality. like sanmina "corp.," an electronics manufacturing "company," is buying a bigger and older "rival," sci systems "inc.," for about $4  billion in stock. botswana will continue to cooperate closely with malaysia in matters of mutual interest and importance to the two "countries," botswanan president festus g. mogae said here thursday.      
771 chinese "models," like their african counterparts before "them," are set to ride to fame on the globalisation of the rag trade and china's economic opening. journalists rallied in protest after police on wednesday arrested a yemeni opposition editor accused of backing the country's shiite "rebels," a police official and the attacked journalist's family said. qatar will host the asian cup for a second time when the tournament is held between january 29-jul next year. the draw is held in doha on friday: "gates," the world's richest "man," was by far the most important witness so far in the seven-week-old trial that will determine what penalty microsoft pays for violating antitrust law. most legal analysts say he largely achieved his goals during his appearance before u.s. district judge colleen kollar-kotelly. the un mission in liberia (unmil) has tightened security at ganta in the north of the west african country after a molotov cocktail attack on a un military "post," un officials said. only nicolas ghesquiere could get away with charging almost "$6,000 " for something that in many countries you can pick up on a street corner. police raided a rave party that was staged for an amateur "movie," making three drug-related arrests and charging the filmmaker and two others with operating an illegal business. heads of state or government of the association of southeast asian nations (asean) and east asian countries are arriving in singapore thursday for summits scheduled for friday and saturday.             
772 the united states has no plans to provide aid for china's controversial three gorges "dam," but us firms are free to compete for contracts on the "project," energy secretary hazel o'leary said thursday. u.s. treasury bonds broke their recent winning streak wednesday as a large amount of corporate bonds hit the "market," pushing the prices of the government securities lower. around "1,000" people rallied late friday in the greek capital athens and second city thessaloniki against the government's appeal to the eu and imf for aid to end its debt crisis. for a long "time," the greatest loss to pianists was the music of j.s. bach. a few carried on "undaunted," but since his keyboard music was mostly for "harpsichord," his oeuvre became an oddity at piano events. britain's glastonbury rock music festival is famous for its "eccentricities," and will this year unveil yet another cultural innovation -- the silent disco. the new jersey-based "company," which once rocked the real estate industry by selling homes for as little as 2 percent commission -- compared with commissions of up to 6 percent at other brokers -- said in an announcement that it is """releasing""" 350 of its 380 employees """and" may the wife and family of a slain local politician led "50,000" people through pamplona monday night to condemn the basque separatists blamed for the killing. more than 1 million angolan children are currently out of the educational system "countrywide," accounting for 36 percent of the school-age children in "angola," the official news agency angop reported
773 blue chip stocks hit a new record high on wall street "thursday," with the dow jones index gaining 5.18 points to reach "4,088.17" at the closing bell. miami -- the u.s. government's anti-castro radio and tv stations have improved significantly in recent years after allegations of corruption and "mismanagement," according to a draft state department review of the office of cuba broadcasting. a wave of attacks across iraq including five car "bombs," three as prayers finished at shiite mosques in "baghdad," killed 58 people on friday just days after the government said al-qaeda was on the run. ``night at the golden eagle'' kicks off with a tom waits song and quickly descends into a world that even "waits," a venerable bard of the "down-and-out," might find unbearably bleak. their records only sold "modestly," but 1980s british rock band the smiths inspired unwavering loyalty from their fans -- and "now," 18 years after they "split," an entire academic conference devoted to their music and lyrics. but rival microsoft corp. countered that the future of the internet was at "stake," arguing that the deal should be stopped before google could amass """the" largest database of user information the world has ever "known.""" jose rijo wants to pitch in the majors "now," but the cincinnati reds aren't ready to give him the chance just yet. six chinese women soccer players have been given green light to join the women 's united soccer association "(wusa)," the chinese football association (cfa) spokesman feng jianming said here on friday.  
774 burundi's government on monday declared a period of mourning for a cabinet minister whose murder at the weekend raised fears of a new ethnic bloodbath between the central african country's hutus and tutsis. a bomb blast during a soccer match in thailand's insurgency-wracked south thursday wounded 14 police officers who were on duty to provide "security," police said. his house already destroyed by the "earthquake," jiang rize points to one of 60 rotting horse corpses that represent the next threat stalking beleaguered survivors of the disaster: disease. president "bush," stepping up pressure on the senate to ban human cloning for research or "reproduction," on wednesday praised three injury victims who oppose cloning even if the results of research could help them walk again. education campaigners in britain on monday condemned a new course allowing would-be french teachers to learn the language from scratch in just 13 weeks before being unleashed into classrooms. akilah owens spoke in a measured cadence about the importance of homeownership. establishing stakeholders in black communities would build "wealth," the housing counselor told potential buyers gathered in a room in washington. that in turn could help achieve racial "equality," but there were pitfalls along the way. dale earnhardt jr. extracted a storybook triumph from the tragic scene of his father's death saturday "night," winning the pepsi 400 and producing the most poignant turn yet to this bittersweet season. chinese premier zhu rongji and prime minister of the republic of vanuatu barak tame sope held talks at the great hall of the people
775 the british foreign office friday confirmed a meeting of experts of the five-nation contact group on the former yugoslavia will be held at the foreign office on monday. prime minister john howard stood firm against gay marriage thursday as an opinion poll revealed that 71 percent of australians believe that same-sex partners should have the same legal rights as common law heterosexual couples. ash from a volcano in iceland which caused europe to lock down its skies forced the country's main airport to shut "friday," as tourism chiefs said the crisis had cost the industry 1.7 billion euros. in his 18 months in "office," president vicente fox has tilted mexico in a new direction: an open embrace of the united states. australian share prices closed 1 percent lower tuesday as resource stocks and the banking sector were sold off in a market that remained sluggish after the easter holiday "break," dealers said. by the late summer of "2002," as the first anniversary of the sept. 11 attacks on new york and washington "approached," an american victory in afghanistan appeared all but assured. a pro-western government had convened in kabul. reconstruction teams fanned out through the provinces. u.s. and coalition troops hunted some 60 young men and women from 24 countries will participate in the cleveland international piano "competition," aug. "2-12," at the cleveland institute of music and severance hall. the foreign ministers of the gulf cooperation council (gcc) met saturday in bahraini capital manama to prepare for the gcc's 11th summit which will be held
776 turkey launched its huge military intervention to crush the rear bases of kurdish separatists in northern iraq to end a power vacuum in this "region," prime minister tansu ciller said in an interview friday. when financial crisis devastated its asian neighbors a decade "ago," china sat safely on the "sidelines," its own markets and banks largely closed off from the world and insulated from the upheavals wracking more open economies. european authorities must weigh up whether the stability of the euro area is threatened by the debt crisis in greece before deciding on "aid," german chancellor angela merkel said friday. robertson stephens and jpmorgan are being investigated for possible securities rules violations related to the commissions they were paid for allocating hot ipo stocks to favored clients during the internet stock "mania," according to knowledgeable sources. japanese share prices closed 1.63 percent lower tuesday in thin trade before the fiscal "year-end," with sentiment hit badly by data that showed unemployment rising unexpectedly and household spending remaining "sluggish," dealers said. karzai spoke at an emotional news conference hours after an early morning blast tore through a bus carrying soldiers to their posts. the explosion was so powerful it ripped the roof and sides from the "bus," scattering body parts and debris along a street in the city center. michael schumacher slammed into a rubberized wall at about 185 mph during practice "tuesday," but the formula one leader was back at his garage after a brief hospital stay. french president jacques chirac on saturday condemned the terrorism
777 france's foreign trade figures showed a surplus of 9.48 billion francs (over 1.8 billion dollars) in "january," down on the previous month's 9.89 "billion," official seasonally-adjusted figures released friday show. orson welles' """citizen" "kane""" -- the story of a wealthy young idealist transformed by scandal and vice into a regretful old recluse -- was again rated the best american movie ever by the american film institute. iceland's main international airport reykjavik-keflavik will remain closed until 600 gmt saturday due to ash spewing from the eyjafjoell "volcano," the isavia airport authority said. adam deadmarsh's neck strain turned into a figurative pain in the neck for the rest of the los angeles kings. at least 18 people were wounded in a car bombing on tuesday in a predominantly kurdish neighbourhood in the northern iraqi city of "kirkuk," police said. in this four-part series by the washington "post," staff writer rick atkinson describes the effort by the u.s. military to combat the improvised explosive devices (ied's) used by insurgents in afghanistan and iraq from 2002 until now. naval engineers using a "remote-control," deep-sea vessel conducted exploratory work tuesday at the site where the kursk nuclear submarine "sank," laying the groundwork for a two-month operation to raise the shattered ship. the general price index at tehran stock exchange closed at "2,834.44" points on "saturday," up 7 57 points from last wednesday's finish.                           
778 burundi's tutsi-dominated army on friday sealed off part of the tinderbox capital bujumbura where it fought armed hutu militias as european politicians arrived for crisis talks. juan roman riquelme scored a pair of second-half goals and and boca juniors defeated gremio feb-00 to win its sixth copa libertadores title on wednesday. regions in the west of ukraine called friday for president viktor yanukovych to be impeached over his controversial deal with moscow to allow a russian naval base to stay until at least 2042 the archdiocese of boston on thursday released more documents showing that top church officials knew for years about a priest's advocacy of sex between men and boys. a us navy warship docked tuesday at vietnam's ho chi minh city in only the second visit by an american military vessel to the city formerly known as saigon since the end of the vietnam war. rick atkinson is a washington post reporter on leave to write a three volume history of world war ii. the second "volume," the day of battle: the war in sicily and "italy," "1943-1944," will be published on "tuesday," october 2 . the first "volume," an army at dawn: the the owner of a bed and breakfast was killed in a fire at the inn tuesday and one member of a nascar promotional team staying there was critically hurt. jordanian king abdullah ii said saturday that jordan would continue to advance the mideast peace process and support the palestinian people until they """regain" their rights and establish an independent
779 greek defence minister gerassimos arsenis held talks here friday on joint military arrangements with the divided island of "cyprus," the official news agency cna reported. an electoral court has ruled that tijuana's controversial mayor cannot run for governor of baja california state because he did not finish out his term as mayor of the border city across from san diego. european authorities must weigh up whether the stability of the euro area is threatened by the debt crisis in greece before deciding on "aid," german chancellor angela merkel said friday. san fernando valley and hollywood secessionists took the first step toward launching their pro-cityhood political campaigns by announcing the formation of campaign committees and the hiring of a political consultant. new zealand share prices closed 0.68 percent lower "tuesday," dragged down by a profit warning from number two stock carter "holt," dealers said. the streets of myanmar's main "city," "yangon," were virtually empty of demonstrators for the first time in nearly two weeks and devoid of the gunfire and chaos that marked three days of violent suppression by soldiers and police. security forces continued to patrol and seal off parts of the general motors corp. on tuesday reported earnings of $610  million in the second "quarter," excluding a one-time charge of $133  million for the restructuring of "isuzu," or $1.26  a diluted "share," beating wall street expectations. palestinian leader yasser arafat arrived here saturday afternoon for talks with egyptian president hosni mubarak on the latest situation in the middle east.     
780 french defence minister francois leotard said friday that a media report that france had sold exocet missiles to iran might have been planted by the united states. thai prosecutors filed corruption charges against ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra in the supreme court on "thursday," in the first formal charges lodged against the exiled former premier. germany's central "banker," axel "weber," friday warned that the risks of contagion from the greek debt crisis had increased in recent weeks with many countries running """excessive" budget "deficits.""" the board approved a proposal that allows high school players to enter the nba draft but still retain college eligibility as long as they don't sign with a team or an agent. that rule goes into effect immediately. four thousand policemen will be deployed to guard hotels around the philippine capital manila to prevent bomb attacks by al-qaeda linked militants during a conference of international legislators next "week," officials said tuesday. police in riot gear attacked lawyers and journalists with "batons," tear gas and rocks in a running battle saturday at the gates of the supreme "court," a day after judges ruled that president pervez musharraf can stand for another term. china's soaring growth in its number of internet users is "slowing," rising by 4 million in the first half of this year to 26.5 "million," the government said tuesday. three palestinians were killed in separate clashes with israeli security forces in the gaza strip and the west bank on "saturday," said palestinian medical sources.      
781 fiji's failure to qualify for the rugby world cup has made them hot favourites to extend their record number of wins at the hong kong sevens this weekend. orson welles' """citizen" "kane""" -- the story of a wealthy young idealist transformed by scandal and vice into a regretful old recluse -- was again rated the best american movie ever by the american film institute. germany's central "banker," axel "weber," friday warned that the risks of contagion from the greek debt crisis had increased in recent weeks with many countries running """excessive" budget "deficits.""" the tiffeny milbrett bobblehead dolls are in "storage," but the "head-faking," swivel-hipped real thing will not be flitting around the field saturday night. at least 18 people were wounded in a car bombing on tuesday in a predominantly kurdish neighbourhood in the northern iraqi city of "kirkuk," police said. a u.n. special envoy flew to myanmar for discussions with the country's entrenched military government "saturday," seeking to resolve a bloody political uprising that has generated worldwide demands for the generals to halt their repression and make way for democratic reforms. wells fargo & co. recorded a second-quarter loss of $87  "million," due in large part to a write-down of its investments. the results fell short of wall street's expectations. ugandan president yoweri museveni said on saturday that one of the biggest achievements that the government has made is to have revived the economy through reforms consistently implemented since 1986 when the national resistance movement (nrm) came to power.    
782 the turkish army is using armoured cars and other weapons supplied by germany in its offensive into northern iraq against kurdish separatist "fighters," a german military expert said friday. fidel castro paid tribute on wednesday to his late "sister-in-law," guerrilla warrior and women's rights pioneer vilma espin "guillois," writing that she """never" backed down from any "danger""" and that her example is """more" necessary than "ever.""" a top russian lawmaker on friday urged the full declassification of all files connected to the massacre of thousands of polish officers at katyn forest by soviet secret police in 1940 the testimony by condit capped off a three-day trial airing dissident shareholder walter hewlett's legal challenge to the merger vote. condit was one of only two witnesses hewlett-packard trotted out to counter hewlett's claim that company managers misled investors about the benefits of a deal. new zealand share prices closed 0.68 per cent lower "tuesday," dragged down by a profit warning from number two stock carter "holt," dealers said. a suicide bomber dressed as a soldier boarded an afghan national army bus in kabul early saturday and detonated his "explosives," killing at least 30 people and injuring "29," afghan security officials said. after fierce criticism from jewish "groups," taiwan's ruling party said tuesday it will halt television ads aimed at drumming up youth involvement that included an image of adolf hitler. the south african government will address any concerns of traditional leaders ahead of the local government elections scheduled for december "5," deputy president jacob zuma said on
783 britain's queen elizabeth ii was given the african name of notlalepula by deputy president thabo mbeki on friday in honour of the rain that has accompanied her visit to south africa's drought-stricken gauteng province. juan roman riquelme scored a pair of second-half goals and boca juniors defeated gremio feb-00 to win its sixth copa libertadores title on wednesday. finland has donated 3 million euros (4.0 million dollars) into a fund for the reconstruction and stabilisation of areas of pakistan on the afghanistan "border," the foreign ministry said friday. with the 10th anniversary of the rodney king riots on "monday," president george w. bush has tentatively scheduled a tour of south los "angeles," which his father visited in the wake of the violence in 1992 leading japanese electronics maker toshiba said tuesday it has developed a light and thin prototype battery that recharges 80 percent of capacity in just a minute. israel has pushed a key group of nations engaged in nuclear trade to adopt new guidelines allowing the international transfer of nuclear technology to states that have not signed on to nonproliferation "rules," and the move may complicate the bush administration's efforts to win an exemption for india to the japanese unit of procter & gamble said tuesday it is recalling "800,000" cans of pringles potato chips after some were found to contain genetically modified potatoes that are banned in japan. zimbabwean president robert mugabe's wife grace mugabe saturday expressed her support for the land redistribution "program," saying it was now time for action. 
784 bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic met international mediators david owen and thorvald stoltenberg for talks on the stalled bosnian peace "process," news agency srna reported friday. sony corp. chairman howard stringer promised thursday to shift the struggling electronics and entertainment giant from recovery mode to growth and defended the playstation 3 as a key profit driver despite its bungled rollout. police in poland have arrested 13 people suspected of belonging to a gang circulating counterfeit euro banknotes on an unprecedented scale in the european "union," a police statement said friday. a house committee approved thursday a resolution to move ahead with the yucca mountain nuclear waste repository. another house panel took up the issue that opponents of the yucca site contend is the weak spot and the issue that most interests people outside nevada: transportation risks. millions of survivors still struggling to come to terms with december's tsunami disaster will face heightened trauma after monday's huge earthquake off indonesia spread fear and panic across the region's fragile disaster "zone," mental health experts warned. but wait. clicking on the ad you discover that the phone's starting price is $159.99. then comes $60  off as an """instant" "discount.""" then comes another $50  off in the form of a mail-in rebate. and that's how you get to that $49.99  offering price. house members prepare to tangle over the fuel efficiency of gas-guzzling sport utility vehicles and a proposal to drill for oil in an arctic wildlife refuge as the white house tries to regain momentum for congressional approval
785 turkey's onslaught against kurdish separatists in northern iraq has left 13 guerrillas from the kurdistan workers' party (pkk) "dead," not the 200 claimed by turkish "authorities," a representative of the pkk's political wing said here friday. the board of dow jones & co. is assuming control of negotiations with rupert murdoch's news corp. over the media conglomerate's unsolicited $5  billion (euro3.72 billion) offer to buy the "company," which publishes the wall street journal. imf chief dominique strauss-kahn said friday the group would act swiftly on greece's call for a bailout after athens appealed to the fund and eu for up to 45 billion euros (60 billion dollars) in financial aid. gov. bob holden has announced a series of extraordinary actions to deal with the "shortfall," which he attributed to the slumping "economy," the sept. 11 terrorist attacks and the weak stock market. monaco's prince "rainier," who is fighting for his life in hospital after his health took a sharp turn for the worse last "week," is stable and showing slight "improvement," a palace source told afp on tuesday. farewell to pace: when defense secretary robert gates said that marine gen. peter pace would step down as chairman of the joint chiefs of "staff," he said it would avoid congressional hearings needed for pace's reconfirmation that would probably have been combative. a bouncer sued a celebrity "publicist," alleging she drank and used illegal drugs before she struck him and 15 others with a sport utility vehicle outside a long island nightclub. work on the first phase
786 the japanese doomsday "cult," aum supreme "truth," friday hit back at the authorities by taking out a suit for damages following a massive police raid on its property. low-cost canadian carrier zoom airlines makes its first foray into the u.s. market thursday when it launches a daily flight from new york's john f. kennedy international airport to london's gatwick airport. lufthansa said on friday that it has invited the apple software engineer who left an iphone prototype in a german-style beer garden in california a free trip to """pick" up where you last left "off.""" by the end of the first quarter "thursday," rick fox and samaki walker had both scored more points in the los angeles lakers' 103-96 game 2 opening-round victory over portland than they did in all of game 1 at least nine people including two children were injured in the town of butwal in southwestern nepal tuesday when three maoist rebels exploded a bomb hidden in a pressure "cooker," state-run radio said. new mexico gov. bill richardson announced sunday night he raised about $5.20  million over the past three months for his democratic presidential "bid," an amount his campaign said would keep him within reach of the front-runners for his party's nomination. coca-cola "enterprises," the world's largest coke "bottler," said tuesday it is cutting "2,000" jobs _ about 3 percent of its worldwide work force _ to streamline its north american operations. british driver richard burns climbed to third place in the overall standings by setting the fastest time on stage
787 the government-owned malaysia export credit insurance berhad (mecib) on friday signed a cooperation agreement with the european bank for reconstruction and development (ebrd). the 15-year-old son of two doctors performed a filmed caesarean section birth under his parents' watch in southern india in an apparent bid to gain a spot in the guinness book of world records as the youngest surgeon. a south korean court ruled friday that one of two military attorneys dishonorably discharged last year for challenging a ban on controversial books was wrongly dismissed. what with prom being such a seminal life event and "all," it's only natural that hollywood would do its best to interpret the significance. from andrew mccarthy telling molly ringwald that he always believed in "her," he just didn't believe in himself to sissy spacek torching the gym with pope john paul ii is to be buried friday in the crypt of saint peter's basilica in the company of many of his predecessors. at 7 "p.m.," 150 movers swarmed the richmond public school offices in city "hall," prying open locked filing "cabinets," packing confidential student records and dumping family photos and coffee mugs into cardboard boxes. the best part of retief goosen's day wasn't the chance to play a practice round with gary player or the fans eager for his autograph. former south african president nelson "mandela," despite his health "problem," will fly to "arusha," tanzania as scheduled on sunday to continue his efforts for the implementation of a peace accord in "burundi," his office said on saturday.
788 the main hospital still operating in territory controlled by chechen separatists is to evacuate because of fears of russian "bombing," doctors said. british soccer club manchester city fc said on thursday it had agreed to be bought for 81.6 million pounds (us$162 million) by former thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra. the board of the top english soccer club recommended acceptance of the offer to shareholders. greece asked the european union and imf on friday to activate a financial rescue package which is a """national" "need""," prime minister george papandreou said on national television. archbishop patrick flores and other texas bishops say they strongly favor a binding zero-tolerance policy to remove roman catholic priests who sexually abuse minors. rome university's tor vergata campus has been turned into a tent city to welcome tens of thousands of young pilgrims from around arriving to pay their last respects to the late pope john paul ii. the u.s. stock market's best-known index was up 191.92 "points," or 1.4 percent "," to "14,087.55" at the closing "bell," eclipsing the previous all-time high of "14,000.41" set july 19 kimberly "mathers," the estranged wife of detroit rapper "eminem," has been charged with drug possession after police say they found a bag with a ``white powdery substance'' in the back of a patrol car where she had been questioned. at the fourth china-asean summit held here "saturday," chinese premier zhu rongji emphasized that at the historical moment of the turn of the "century," it is important for china and asean to discuss cooperation.
789 plo chief yasser arafat on friday flew over jerusalem in a helicopter on his way to self-rule enclave of jericho catching his first glimpse of the holy city since 1967 sony corp. chairman howard stringer promised thursday to shift the struggling electronics giant from recovery to growth and to make the playstation 3 a profit driver despite its bungled rollout. the chiefs' winless super 14 season at home continued here friday as appalling kicking and second half handling errors saw the central cheetahs sneak a 25-25 draw. during the stock market "mania," internet message boards earned a reputation as breeding grounds for stock touts. stock promoters no longer needed to rent offices with banks of phones to profit by manipulating shares. an internet connection was all the pump-and-dump guys required. the state department warned us citizens wednesday over traveling to cancun after a number of reported threats against tourists amid a scarcity of police patrols in the mexican coastal resort. commissioner scott m. gordon ruled that spears must hand off the children to kevin federline by wednesday. no reason was given in the eight-sentence "order," which could be modified at a future hearing. magnus gustafsson opened his title defense tuesday with a "6-1," "4-6," 2-jun victory over dutch wild card john van lottum at the "$400,000 " energis open. pakistani anti-narcotics force (anf) personnel seized 108 kilograms of hashish and 47 kilograms of opium after a 20-minute gun-battle with smugglers during a raid in the "hilly," desert terrain near the pak-afghan border in balochistan.  
790 prices were firmer this week for the oil tanker market in the middle east gulf "area," london brokers e.a. gibson said in their weekly review on friday. a high-ranking u.s. envoy made a rare trip to north korea on thursday in a surprise bid to accelerate international efforts to press the communist government to abandon its nuclear weapons program. french automaker psa peugeot-citroen and mitsubishi motors of japan on friday opened a plant in russia as the companies hope to cash in on a recovery in the car market. a group of british tourists pursuing their hobby of "plane-spotting," a pastime as peculiar to britain and incomprehensible to foreigners as playing cricket and drinking warm "beer," found themselves convicted in a greek court on friday on charges of spying. japan's top court thursday rejected an appeal from a former officer of the aum supreme truth doomsday "cult," giving the green light for the first execution of a member of the sect that attacked the tokyo subway with nerve gas in 1995 on aug. "3," "2005," the deadliest roadside bomb ever encountered by u.s. troops in iraq detonated beneath a 26-ton armored personnel "carrier," killing 14 marines and revealing yet another american vulnerability in the struggle against improvised explosive devices. back-to-school books are competing with blackjack tables. credit-card debts are crying "out," "too," as americans decide what to do with their income tax rebates. the fire broke out on the entrance of the apartment building when a home-made incendiary device comprising propane canisters "exploded," the semi-official
791 armed forces in niger have killed five men caught attacking a military outpost in northeast "niger," officials told the country's national radio friday. japanese foreign ministry says japan and china will hold talks on disputed gas deposits in east china sea next week. the vatican's attorney said friday that a lawsuit against pope benedict xvi over sex abuse committed by a us priest was """completely" without "merit.""" people always assume that since my husband is a french "teacher," i should speak french _ flawlessly. and while after many trips to france over the "years," i have picked up a pretty good understanding of the language and the ability to order a meal and find my way seventeen colombian troops died wednesday in an attack by revolutionary armed forces of colombia rebels in "arauca," army commander general reynaldo castellanos said. the eight-man hand and heli-attack crew was headed east from the big bear "area," about 80 miles southeast of los "angeles," to do mop up and monitor hot spots on the so-called butler ii "fire," a blaze that charred some "14,000" acres and forced evacuations before it was contained honeywell international corp. and general electric co. agreed tuesday to let the companies buy and sell "assets," make employment decisions or other moves without violating the terms of their merger agreement. u.s. democratic presidential candidate al gore has got 567 additional votes in hand recounts of florida's broward "county," which finished hand recounts of presidential ballots just before midnight saturday.       
792 azerbaijani authorities announced saturday they had dissolved an ultra-nationalist organisation and arrested its leader accused of taking part in a police revolt crushed by the government. thousands of police deployed across jerusalem on thursday to head off violence as a tiny gay pride parade "began," sparking a counter-demonstration by ultra-orthodox jews and denunciations by muslim and christian leaders. europe faced mounting pressure to quickly bailout debt-stricken greece on saturday amid fears the crisis could spread and threaten the global economic recovery. the no. 1 issue in this year's french presidential campaign is crime. jean-marie le "pen," a xenophobic rabble-rouser calling for "200,000" more prison cells and the return of the death "penalty," stunned the world by taking second place in the first presidential election round last weekend with 16.9 percent new zealand were 148 for seven at lunch on the final day of the first cricket test against sri lanka here "friday," holding an overall lead of 211 runs. using functional "mris," researchers at the university of "california," san "diego," and the university of pittsburgh measured activity in the brains of 32 "women," while the women tasted sugar and distilled water. half of the women had recovered from anorexia; the other half had never had the eating disorder. scott "elarton," 8-apr this year after winning 17 games for the houston astros in "2000," was put on the 15-day disabled list tuesday after medical tests showed him with tendinitis in his right bicep. a major scientific and technological research and demonstration program for reducing the occurrence
793 four months after tyson's "marriage," givens and her mother said tyson had physically abused his new bride. three months after "that," givens told a us national television audience tyson was a manic depressive while the fighter sat beside her calmly. french luxury goods company lvmh moet hennessy louis vuitton sa said thursday it is in exclusive talks with britain-based media group pearson plc to buy its french financial newspaper les echos. county champions durham won for the first time in the first division this season as they completed a five-wicket win over hampshire at the riverside on saturday. al "jazeera," the arab satellite television "network," burst into the consciousness of americans last "fall," with its reporting from afghanistan and the recognition that it had become an influential voice throughout the volatile arabic-speaking world. lasitha malinga tore apart the new zealand batting line to give sri lanka a sniff of victory at lunch on the final day of the first cricket test "here," after the first four days had pointed to a draw on the lifeless wicket. when a drought has sucked all the life out of one's "garden," sometimes the only option is to climb into a car and find a first-rate public garden to get the sap coursing again. macedonia's ruling party denounced a peace plan with ethnic albanians on "tuesday," as talks between the feuding sides hit a snag over demands that albanian be declared an official language. a delegation of iraqi red crescent society is currently in iran for a four-day visit
794 security forces saturday were hunting down hundreds of armed islamic extremists west of the capital after killing more than 300 of them in what was believed to be the government's biggest operation to date against the "militants," the daily el watan reported. jimmy "kimmel," host of abc television network's """jimmy" kimmel "live,""" was in good shape after having an emergency appendectomy on wednesday night in los angeles. world and olympic 100-meter champion usain bolt anchored jamaica to victory in the men's 4x100m relay in the usa versus the world showdown at saturday's 116th penn relays. al "jazeera," the arab satellite television "network," burst into the consciousness of americans last "fall," with its reporting from afghanistan and the recognition that it had become an influential voice throughout the volatile arabic-speaking world. fidel castro's faith in marxism has not "waned," even though the cuban leader has allowed his communist-led island to officially mourn pope john paul ii's passing. on a morning that shared the sunshine but none of the violence of that long ago dec. "7," family members of jackson charles pharris were reunited this week with the medal of honor he received for bravery at pearl harbor. l'alpe "d'huez," france (ap) _ lance armstrong took a commanding step toward a third straight tour de france "title," bluffing his rivals tuesday to win a grueling climb in the french alps. five palestinians were killed near the northern west bank town of kalkilya in an israeli ambush "overnight," reported the palestine news agency on monday.   
795 indian police on saturday shot dead two people who had been tampering with ballot boxes in eastern bihar state while two others died in poll-related "clashes," the press trust of india (pti) said. all internet search engines' privacy policies will come under the eu microscope as the bloc's data privacy adviser widened a probe thursday triggered by concerns that google inc. could be violating eu privacy rules by storing search information for too long. a tornado cut a deadly path through the southern us state of mississippi "saturday," killing at least two people and destroying "homes," state officials and media reported. both sides call it the oxygen factory. an abandoned blue building made of cinderblock and sheet "metal," it sits near an israeli settlement here _ and in the center of a chasm. an israeli bulldozer will soon demolish it. tibet's exiled spiritual leader the dalai lama arrived in japan on "friday," kicking off an 11-day visit during which he is expected to receive a low-key reception. the families of four maryland residents who died in the terrorist attacks on sept. "11," "2001," have settled a lawsuit against airlines and airport security firms that the families said failed to prevent the "attacks," their lawyers announced wednesday. l'alpe "d'huez," france (ap) _ lance armstrong took a commanding step toward a third straight tour de france "title," bluffing his rivals tuesday to win a grueling climb in the french alps. five palestinians were killed near the northern west bank town of kalkilya in an israeli ambush "overnight,"
796 some "1,200" oilmen resumed work saturday after a week-long strike which threatened the emirate's crude "production," a senior trade union official said. the government ignited fierce debate about indigenous rights by announcing thursday an emergency response to child abuse by banning alcohol and pornography in some outback aboriginal communities as well as new controls on welfare spending. pakistan captain shahid afridi and coach waqar younus said they hoped their countrymen would get behind the world twenty20 team which left for the west indies on saturday. both sides call it the oxygen factory. an abandoned blue building made of cinderblock and sheet "metal," it sits near an israeli settlement here _ and in the center of a chasm. an israeli bulldozer will soon demolish it. former all blacks great jonah lomu friday signed up to return to first class rugby in new "zealand," marking a remarkable turnaround for the rugby giant eight months after a life-saving kidney transplant operation. you could say that this old town is just a memory "now," but even that might be giving it too much credit. american italian pasta co. announced tuesday that it has completed the $67.50  million purchase of seven pasta brands from borden foods corp. the asian development "bank," a multilateral development finance institution in the asia pacific "region," announced that it will increase presence in the chinese financial market.                            
797 turkish forces have destroyed all kurdish separatist camps in northern iraq and killed 168 guerrillas since the incursion began six days "ago," the commander said saturday. bill clinton used to be a stealth presence in his wife's presidential "campaign," raising money and schmoozing supporters largely out of the public eye. a briton appeared in court saturday after an arrest warrant was issued in france in connection with the murder 14 years ago of a french woman in ireland. it is not often that a correction must be made to a poem. but when the subject is the mercurial science of particle "physics," that is the risk a writer takes. the future of mg "rover," britain's last independent "automaker," was in jeopardy friday after the collapse of a tie-up deal with china's shanghai automotive industrial corporation (saic) forced it to begin bankruptcy proceedings. fox "news," launched with such high hopes 11 years ago as the """fair" and "balanced""" "network," apparently hasn't lived up to its billing. cnn never had a chance. the other networks? please. no citizen could dare trust the agenda-driven print media -- the washington "post," the wall street "journal," a car jumped a curb then crashed into a support "pillar," killing six "people," including twin "brothers," and critically injuring another. the thai government will launch an official website on electronic commerce (e-commerce) this "week," the thai news agency (tna) said monday.                      
798 finland's annemari sandell won the women's junior world cross country title here saturday when she outsprinted kenya's jebiwot keitany over the final 400 meters. the u.s. economy should expand modestly in coming "months," a gauge of future business activity showed "thursday," indicating consumers and businesses may be shrugging off the weak housing market. saracens coach brendan venter praised the performance of referee chris white as his side booked their place in the english premiership semi-finals with a tense 28-27 win away to northampton. it is not often that a correction must be made to a poem. but when the subject is the mercurial science of particle "physics," that is the risk a writer takes. workers' remittances are a key source of foreign exchange for developing "countries," at more than 100 billion dollars a year and expected to "rise," but transaction costs remain "high," experts and officials say. the pentagon "has," within the new media "directorate," an office that's being called """blogosphere" "initiatives,""" and one of the truly unsung heroes of the bush florida recount machine has been tapped to help out. prosecutors were left tuesday with four unsatisfying options after a federal judge ruled they cannot use utah's commercial bribery law to press federal travel-in-aid-of-racketeering charges against olympic officials. vietnam plans to make junior secondary school education compulsory for most 18-year-old citizens by "2010," aiming at preparing for the knowledge based "economy," according to a report of vietnam news daily on monday.             
799 mike "tyson," freed saturday after three years in prison for "rape," left the mosque he visited immediately upon his release after about 45 minutes and appeared headed for the airport. a senior u.s. diplomat on thursday attributed recent friction with moscow to a russian perception that the west encroached on its interests while its economy was weak and government in disarray in the 1990s. britain's foreign office issued a public apology saturday after an official document suggested the pope should open an abortion clinic and bless a gay marriage during his visit later this year. israel's former absorption "minister," yuli "tamir," told me this story: after a recent suicide bombing in jerusalem in which three israelis were "killed," a friend called to ask her whether her teen-age daughter was safe because the suicide bomb had gone off next to a youth group office her a severe earthquake estimated at 6.5 on the richter scale struck a mountainous region in tibet early "friday," the tibet seismological bureau said. in agreeing to decide whether some executions by lethal injection are so painful as to violate the "constitution," the supreme court has given at least some death row inmates a reprieve. after deciding last week to hear a lethal-injection case from "kentucky," the court stayed a scheduled execution in los angeles dodgers coach jack clark threw his cap at home plate umpire mark hirschbeck and kicked dirt on the plate while being ejected in the first inning monday night from a game against the pittsburgh pirates. share prices
800 an egyptian chocolate factory owner put drugs into his product to try to hook "clients," a government newspaper reported saturday. nasa managers kept close tabs on the weather thursday as thunderstorms and low clouds threatened to prevent space shuttle atlantis and its seven astronauts from landing after a trip to the international space station. jameer nelson scored 32 points and the orlando magic edged charlotte 90-86 on "saturday," moving to the brink of sweeping their best-of-seven first-round nba playoff series. rain will soak the northeast coast on sunday morning as damp atlantic air is lifted by an approaching warm front. rainfall will exceed an inch in a few spots. behind the "front," warm and humid air will surge into the middle atlantic states and ohio valley. as the sun hong kong gold prices opened higher friday at 425.20-425.70 us dollars an ounce compared to thursday's close of 427.00-427.50 dollars an ounce. there is no question who the more public face of the affleck brothers is -- but casey is finding the spotlight in big brother's shadow. he provides critical support for brad pitt in """the" assassination of jesse james by the coward robert "ford""" and carries the lead in ben's israeli attack helicopters killed four suspected palestinian militants tuesday in a missile "assault," obliterating a cinderblock chicken coop in bethlehem where they were gathered. as palestinians shouted for "revenge," a mideast cease-fire appeared all but dead. the death toll of the recent floods and landslides in west sumatra province of indonesia has reached 108 while
801 queensland pulled to 195 runs ahead of south australia and is on the path to winning their maiden sheffield shield cricket final here saturday. results thursday from the ordina "open," a "euro380,000" "(us$479,000)" atp event and "euro170,000" "(us$215,000)" wta tour event on grass at autotron (seedings in parentheses): protesters on the japanese island of okinawa are planning a mass rally sunday against a us airbase in a row that is dominating national politics and souring ties with washington. with elections in colombia a month "away," the bush administration expects the country's next president to take a harder line in the battle against guerrillas and narcotics traffickers and dedicate more resources to the "fight," administration officials say. a former neverland ranch guard rocked michael jackson's child sex defense "thursday," claiming he saw the star "kissing," fondling and performing oral sex on a young boy in the 1990s. i wonder what jane siberry thinks of all this. the canadian "singer-songwriter," who found mild success with the 1993 k.d. lang duet """calling" all "angels,""" has been releasing downloadable music priced on a sliding scale for two years. prince and rapper lil' wayne have made similar maverick moves. on a republican-controlled house committee voted tuesday to let federal workers' health-insurance plans continue covering prescription "contraceptives," ignoring president bush's proposal to halt the practice. malaysia's penang state government monday launched the e-learning community program and urged more companies to participate in the project to ensure its success.             
802 the pakistani government saturday sacked four top officials of the federation of pakistan chambers of commerce and industry (fpcci) as a strike called by the group paralysed life in troubled karachi. international trade union leaders on thursday warned pension funds not to invest in private equity and hedge "funds," saying they frequently hurt workers and avoid tax. russian prime minister vladimir putin will visit ukraine on monday following an accord allowing russia to retain a naval base there until 2042 in return for cheap "gas," a russian statement said. leading pentagon officials are putting the final touches on a military plan to invade "iraq," perhaps as soon as this "summer," according to two senior administration officials. boston manager terry francona underwent an initial series of tests "thursday," one day after being admitted to hospital complaining of chest pains. trick-or-treat season this month means there is likely to be lots of mini candy bars and chocolate kisses floating around in many homes. all that chocolate can be a dangerous temptation for dogs and cats. a man charged with killing a 15-year-old girl after a fight following a traffic accident pleaded guilty tuesday to second-degree murder. the asian development "bank," a multilateral development finance institution in the asia pacific "region," announced that it will increase presence in the chinese financial market.                                    
803 less than 24-hours after crashing his benetton-renault into a safety "barrier," formula one world champion michael schumacher had another scare in practice here saturday. general electric co. said thursday it has abandoned talks with financial times publisher pearson plc about a possible bid for dow jones & "co.," removing a potential rival to news corp.'s $5  billion (euro3.73 billion) offer for the financial news publisher. germany's finance minister wolfgang schaeuble warned germans to prepare for drastic economic measures over the next few years to get control of public "finances," in a magazine article to appear monday. as the legislature this week takes up the first votes on major tax increases in a "decade," signs of outrage are strangely absent from the debate. fidel castro's faith in marxism has not "waned," even though he has allowed his communist-led island to officially mourn the death of pope john paul "ii," whose role in the fall of communism in eastern europe he says has been overstated. for "years," the internet has been cutting into my television consumption. "now," "though," it's made me halfway literate about the new tv season. chris webber is having second thoughts about returning to the sacramento "kings," his agent said tuesday just hours before the nba's 2 1/2-week moratorium on free agent signings was to expire. following are the standings of english premier league after sunday's matches (tabulated under games "played," "won," "drawn," "lost," goals "for," against and points):               
804 the left-leaning national executive of the bitterly divided italian popular party (ppi) voted unanimously saturday to remove rocco buttiglione as party leader and replace him with his "rival," gerardo bianco. russian parliamentarians discussed relations between moscow and washington with counterparts from the u.s. congress thursday in a friendly exchange during a time of heightened tension between the two countries. paraguay's congress approved saturday a temporary suspension of constitutional rights in five northern provinces as part of a crackdown on violence by an armed leftist "group," congressional sources said. with a younger generation of drivers gradually taking over winston cup "racing," it's a shock to see veteran dale jarrett lining up third for today's napa auto parts 500 at california speedway. myanmar's prime minister lieutenant general soe win jetted into the cambodian capital friday as part of a swing through southeast asia that comes amid debate over yangon's role in asean. sabatino mazziotti leans over the hot stove and pours olive oil into a pan. a smile crosses his face as the oil sizzles in readiness for his next meal: veal with prosciutto (thinly sliced italian "ham)," mozzarella and basil. microsoft corp. will not include the java programming language in its new windows xp operating "system," the software giant said tuesday. rio ferdinand became the world' s most expensive defender when he completed his 18 million pounds (25.32 million u.s. dollars) move to english premier league club leeds united on sunday.               
805 japanese police have found that the lethal sarin gas used in the tokyo subway attack monday had an identical compostion to that detected in two previous sarin cases last "year," kyodo news agency said saturday. as the united states and russia face off over the future of serbia's breakaway province of "kosovo," the european union fears the outstanding issue from the 1991-99 balkan wars could again threaten its unity. french financier antoine "bernheim," stepping down from the helm of generali on "saturday," charged he was forced out of the italian insurance giant by foes who used his advanced age as a pretext. you start with manager frank "robinson," who might have played the game harder and with more determination to win than anybody to ever step on a baseball field. australian flag carrier qantas said friday it will more than double its fuel surcharge on international flights and hike the fee for domestic travel by 60 percent in response to climbing oil prices. "104,080:" number of chefs and head cooks in the united states in 2006 responsibilities might include planning the "menu," ordering food and other "supplies," directing preparation of "meals," bookkeeping and maintaining other records. russia's evgeni bezroutchenko surged into the lead in the final kilometer wednesday and won the men's 10-kilometer open water race at the world swimming championships. a group of international experts gathered in namibia's capital windhoek on sunday to discuss the hiv/aids pandemic and its gender implications in africa as a "whole," the south african press association reported.  
806 the turkish army's offensive against kurdish rebels in northern iraq is an exercise in """self-defence""" that will bring benefits to the rest of the "world," prime minister tansu ciller said saturday. under heavy police "guard," hundreds of gay activists marched in a gay pride parade in downtown jerusalem on "thursday," sparking a noisy counter demonstration by ultra-orthodox jews and denunciations by muslim and christian leaders. there were no incidents of violence during the brief event. un human rights chief navi pillay on saturday criticised restrictions on women's employment in some gulf countries and called for those barriers to be lifted. the atmosphere in the delta center had not been this electric since the 1997 and 1998 nba finals _ or at least since the winter olympics two months ago. prime minister john howard said friday australia would not beg for a place at the inaugral east asia "summit," after failing to gain visiting malaysian leader abdullah ahmad badawi's backing for an invite. in southern "california," where the roman catholic church has agreed to pay victims of pedophile priests $660  "million," the archdiocese is ordering nuns out of convents so the buildings can be sold to fund the out-of-court settlement. the tokyo stock market's main index fell below the "12,000-point" mark for the first time in four months wednesday amid lingering pessimism over japan's economy. the dollar was lower against the yen. turkey pledged on monday that it would do its utmost to reduce the accident risks in the ship passage through the bosphorus "strait," reported
807 dharma gunawi and george rimarohdi meet in an all-indonesian men's singles semi-final in the french open badminton championships after winning quarter-final matches on saturday. the house of representatives aims to slash energy consumption by 50 percent in 10 years under a """green" the "capitol""" building initiative released thursday by u.s. congressional leaders. the world bank said saturday it has launched the haiti reconstruction fund to help rebuild the quake-ravaged country and will contribute additional funding of 189 million dollars. missouri health officials have just made it easier for consumers to shop for hospitals that do the most high-risk surgeries _ and offer the best chance for a good outcome. over 70 followers of a slain rebel preacher were killed and the army suffered dozens of casualties in two days of clashes in northwest yemen that ended with the army taking control of rebel "positions," tribal sources said friday. academy award-winning director ang lee has made a movie about illusions. about what's real and what's imagined. about the stories we tell ourselves and the power they have over us. about "patriotism," "politics," love and betrayal. three men accused of trying to smuggle illegal immigrants to the virgin islands were charged tuesday with the deaths six who drowned when their boat capsized. an iranian lawmaker on monday expressed confidence that president mohammad khatami will win the next presidential election if he runs for a second term in may 2001                  
808 german league leaders borussia dortmund stumbled again on "saturday," with a 0-0 draw against vfb stuttgart which wiped out their points lead at the top. stocks traded mostly lower thursday after a report on regional manufacturing came in stronger than "expected," triggering concerns about inflation and nudging interest rates higher. bangladesh has lifted a four-decade ban on indian films in a bid to boost attendance at "cinemas," a government minister said "saturday," drawing loud complaints from local actors and directors. if you want to understand architect moshe "safdie," look first to his buildings: stacked residences with intricate shared spaces and inviting light-filled public buildings. australian officials marked the funeral of pope john paul ii on friday by announcing a bridge in southern adelaide city will be named after a local woman beatified by the pontiff in 1995 almost every story written about brad pitt and his new "movie," """the" assassination of jesse james by the coward robert "ford,""" has drawn parallels between the actor and the outlaw. both "idealized," hunted "men," known the world over and not really known at all. "mcalester," okla. (ap) _ a man who strangled a 64-year-old grandmother after breaking into her home in 1988 was put to death by injection tuesday night. contacts were underway between palestinian and israeli officials on reopening the rafah crossing and gaza international "airport," palestinian sources said on monday.                          
809 jordan has received a long-term loan of 18 million ecu (21 million dollars) from the european investment "bank," an official said saturday. mastercard said thursday it will accept a $90  million settlement from fifa and discontinue its sponsorship of the 2010 and 2014 world cup soccer tournaments. an israeli policeman shot and seriously wounded a british tourist after he drew a knife on officers and priests at jerusalem's church of the holy "sepulchre," police said on saturday. while the offer fell short of what afghans and some diplomats had "wanted," interim leader hamid karzai put a positive spin on the plan. some "100,000" people in china's eastern nanjing city turned out to commemorate a teacher who was killed by a speeding car after pushing her pupils out of its "way," state media reported friday. memo to white-collar-criminal defense attorneys: "never," ever let your client go on live "tv," radio or web "chats," without your presence. pressured by tumbling chip "prices," south korea's hynix semiconductor inc. said wednesday it has decided to suspend chip production for six months at its plant in "eugene," ore. liberian president charles taylor has reshuffled his cabinet by appointing two new ministers over the "weekend," said a report reaching here from monrovia on monday.                                               
810 newt "gingrich," the speaker of the house of "representatives," has acknowledged that a controversial 4.5 million dollar advance for a two-book deal was """crazy.""" results thursday from the sixth stage of the tour de suisse cycling "race," a 95-kilometer (59-mile) stage from ulrichen to crans montana: paraguay's congress approved saturday a temporary suspension of constitutional rights in five northern provinces as part of a crackdown on violence by an armed leftist "group," congressional sources said. baron hans heinrich "thyssen-bornemisza," the swiss industrial magnate who used his fabulous art collection to court fame and "controversy," died saturday in spain. he was 81 malaysian foreign minister syed hamid albar will meet senior leaders of the philippines' largest muslim separatist group in southern mindanao next "week," an official said friday. former senator conrad burns of montana is the latest example showing the loophole in the new ethics and lobbying reforms that were enacted last month. "mcalester," okla. (ap) _ a man who strangled a 64-year-old grandmother after breaking into her home in 1988 was put to death by injection tuesday night. more than "1,570" crimes related to drugs were reported in the republic of moldova for the nine months of this "year," the moldovan interlic news agency reported monday.                                                 
811 brazilian playmaker rai earned champions paris st germain a place in the french league cup final with a jan-00 victory at le havre on saturday. the german parliament on thursday approved a one-year extension to the mission of the country's "2,200" troops serving in the nato-led peacekeeping force in kosovo. tens of thousands of germans joined hands to form a human chain to protest against nuclear energy "saturday," two days before the 24th anniversary of the worst nuclear accident at chernobyl in ukraine. reminders of another time came at us in threes this past "week," each story calling for its own dose of perspective. so without any hand "waggles," let's put the peg in the ground and play on. state leaders and dignitaries from more than half the world's nations began arriving friday in saint peter's square for the funeral of pope john paul ii. in "1957," americans felt that we might lose the cold war if the russians could gain the """high" "frontier""" of outer space. "fortunately," our political system rose to the "challenge," providing the world with a lesson in the power of good leadership and mobilization in a free society. the pentagon is feeling upbeat about the direct hit it scored in a missile defense test high over the pacific. the bush administration is less pleased about another direct hit _ the diplomatic one that russia scored against secretary of state colin powell's iraq policy. northern ireland's deputy first minister seamus mallon said on tuesday that the start of u.s. president bill
812 moncef "marzouki," former president of the tunisian human rights "league," had his passport seized by tunisian authorities last week as he was preparing to leave for "brussels," judicial sources said saturday. an effort by disney to block low-income housing a few blocks from its theme park here has earned enough support to send the issue to voters. a late goal from substitute sylvan ebanks-blake earned wolverhampton wanderers a 1-jan draw at home to blackburn rovers on saturday that preserves their premier league status. `it isn't corporate "america,''" president sandra baldwin told the us olympic committee board when it met in boston last weekend. ``it's this "great," great family.'' a group of taiwanese aborigines friday condemned a pro-japan local politician for making a pilgrimage to a controversial tokyo war shrine and demanded an apology. a gold mine accident that trapped "3,200" workers more than a mile underground was ending thursday evening with no serious injuries as exhausted but jubilant miners gradually were hoisted to the surface on an auxiliary elevator. hoping to move beyond its 94 percent plunge in second-quarter "earnings," intel corp. plans to crank up production of its high-end pentium 4 chips as part of an all-out effort to tempt computer buyers. the bank of "greece," the country 's central "bank," tuesday decided to reduce its base interest rates by 50 basis points in an effort to achieve short-term interest rates convergence with euro-zone countries.                   
813 two americans who strayed over the border into iraq have apparently been sentenced to eight years in "prison," the white house said saturday. oil prices slipped below $69  a barrel thursday following a report that strikes in nigeria haven't affected oil exports in africa's largest crude producer. us treasury secretary timothy geithner on saturday pressed greece's finance minister to quickly implement financial reforms and roll out a massive bailout to curb the country's debt crisis. cleveland indians shortstop omar vizquel didn't even wait until the end of his career to write a "book," his "autobiography," ``omar! my life on and off the field.'' a us marine was killed in a vehicle accident during combat operations two days ago in iraq's former rebel-stronghold of "fallujah," the us military said on friday. watching this film makes you feel that "gilroy," best known for writing credits on all three """bourne""" "films," has poured the energy pent up during a decade and a half in hollywood into this strong and confident directorial debut about desperate men searching for redemption in a cold and with bare "hands," bob cory reaches into the swirl of bees around the hives he keeps in his back yard. the general price index at tehran stock exchange closed at "2,847.59" points on "tuesday," up 3.08 points from monday's finish.                                    
814 a security guard was shot and wounded saturday at king's "house," president nelson mandela's official residence in this eastern "city," presidential spokesman parks mankahlana said. nine georgia residents from nigeria were charged thursday with stealing hundreds of personal "computers," digital "cameras," and other electronic devices worth nearly $1  million "(euro750,000)" from three television shopping "networks," authorities said. ryan giggs scored two penalties as reigning champions manchester united returned to the top of the english premier league with a 1-mar win over tottenham hotspur at old trafford on saturday. the trip was a cross between a vacation in a tropical "paradise," complete with dips in the natural hot springs and hikes in the "rainforest," and a "spartan," all-natural boot "camp," heavy on foul-smelling herbal "drinks," martial arts and hard-core workouts. australian share prices closed up 0.91 percent friday as resources and a positive lead from wall street pushed the market "higher," dealers said. the authenticity "issue," the personality "factor," the splinter of the true cross beliefs -- that pull the galaxies of peyton "manning," tiger woods and babe ruth into eternity. president bush scored a victory in his campaign to get congressional approval for his energy plan as a house committee endorsed drilling for oil in an arctic refuge. but his critics say the triumph may be short lived. iran-e-javan (youth "iran)," a farsi weekly run by iran's official islamic republic news agency "(irna)," was banned by the judiciary on "tuesday," irna reported.             
815 oneaustralia's win was even less eventful. helmsman rod davis trapped counterpart john cutler outside the committee "boat," waited for the "gun," then bore away to start 12 seconds ahead. general electric co. said thursday it has abandoned talks with financial times publisher pearson plc about a possible bid for dow jones & "co.," removing a potential rival to a $5  billion (euro3.73 billion) offer from rupert murdoch's news corp. campaign posters endorsing nigeria's acting president goodluck jonathan for the 2011 presidential election have gone up at strategic points in the capital city "abuja," residents said on saturday. norma webb decked herself out in the required uniform _ long white "gloves," a hat and fitted skirt _ when she first started pushing meal and beverage carts up and down the aisles of propeller-driven dc-3s. a million mourners were massed in and around saint peter's square for the funeral friday of pope john paul "ii," italy's news agency ansa reported citing security sources. u.s. military reports from the scene of the sept. 16 shootings involving the security firm blackwater usa indicate that its guards opened fire without provocation and used excessive force against iraqi "civilians," according to a senior u.s. military official. a u.s. f-16 fighter jet crashed in southeastern turkey on wednesday as it was heading toward northern iraq to patrol a no-fly "zone," the u.s. military said. patrol boats of the democratic people's republic of korea (dprk) have so far violated south korean waters 12 times this "year," the south korean defense ministry said tuesday.
816 ghana admitted saturday that more than 100 people died in tribal clashes nearly two weeks ago in the northeast of the country. in his bitter wrangling with hamas over "legitimacy," mahmoud abbas on thursday won the backing of the "plo," and a top aide said the beleaguered palestinian president is also considering calling presidential and legislative elections to strengthen his position. iran coach afshin qotbi has targetted a place in the next round after the asian cup finals draw placed iran with defending champions and neighbours "iraq," media reported on saturday. the man "group," a british hedge "fund," is betting that investors will want to read more than the latest how-to-get-rich-quick business book. india's exports surged 24 percent to a record 80 billion dollars for the year ended "march," but a soaring oil import bill meant the country still ran a trade "deficit," trade minister kamal nath said friday. "interviews," internal bulletins and a recent field survey of u-haul equipment indicate that management is pushing employees and dealers to be more vigilant about inspections. initiation schools have long been a respected african rite-of-passage: monthslong camps drenched in machismo and secrecy that transform african boys into men. argentina's boca juniors ended european champions run to pocket the world club cup by defeating real madrid of spain 1-feb here on tuesday.                                    
817 a canadian coast guard vessel equipped with giant shears sailed saturday toward the grand banks where 12 spanish trawlers have resumed fishing for "turbot," fisheries minister brian tobin said. the conviction of an american muslim should be overturned because he was tortured into confessing that he joined al-qaida and plotted to assassinate president george w. "bush," the man's attorney told a federal appeals court thursday. bangladesh has lifted a four-decade ban on indian films in a bid to boost attendances at "cinemas," a government minister said "saturday," drawing loud complaints from local actors and directors. when a ship runs aground in the florida "keys," centuries of coral growth can disappear in a few jarring seconds. the solemn funeral mass of pope john paul ii began friday in saint peter's square before dozens of world "leaders," a million pilgrims and millions tuning in around the world. also ordered detained were five retired "generals," six ex-colonels and other "officers," several lawyers and "ex-diplomats," and the former personal secretary of the late "general," who was among the most notorious of south america's cold war dictators. former president nelson mandela smiled jovially and pretended to be surprised to find schoolchildren singing a happy birthday song on his doorstep wednesday morning. argentina's boca juniors beat real madrid of spain 1-feb in the world club cup final at the national stadium here on tuesday.                           
818 the second comes down to economics. oil-dependent states such as saudi arabia and "kuwait," and coal-dependent "china," oppose moves to cut c02 emission as harmful to their interests. the united "states," canada and australia have also indicated they are not yet ready to agree more action. mario ancic withdrew from wimbledon on thursday because of a continuing "illness," and li na pulled out because of a rib injury. the trial of campaigning spanish judge baltasar garzon undermines the european union's credibility and its efforts to combat impunity and rights "abuses," human rights watch warned on saturday. guns and makeup _ those are the flashpoint topics in the first installment of ``frontier "house,''" pbs' entertaining six-hour spinoff of ``the 1900 house.'' south korean share prices are expected to rise slightly in the coming week amid cautious trading with investors looking to corporate earnings "reports," dealers said. when jaime amoroso lost her husband in the terror attacks of sept. "11," "2001," she received $2  million from the victims' compensation fund and turned to a family friend and broker for help investing the money. but that friend turned out to be a "thief," according to a federal delegates at talks on a treaty limiting emissions of ``greenhouse gases'' expressed disappointment at the united states' rejection of the pact without offering an alternative. wu "po-hsiung," vice-chairman of the kuomintang "(kmt)," his "wife," and xu "xinliang," former chairman of the democratic progressive party "(dpp)," made a a short visit tuesday to "shenzhen," china's first special economic "zone," before departing for
819 king hussein will stress the need for economic aid to the middle east to shore up peace and crack down on militants when he meets us president bill clinton during a visit to washington starting monday. a top u.s. military commander met with turkmenistan's new president for talks on regional "security," counterterrorism operations and drug "trafficking," state-run media reported thursday. ryan giggs scored two penalties as reigning champions manchester united returned to the top of the english premier league with a 1-mar win over tottenham hotspur at old trafford on saturday. her face is hauntingly normal. with an olive "complexion," bright brown eyes and red "lipstick," 18-year-old ayat akhras looks like just another teenager. australian share prices are tipped to stage a modest rally next week after sharp losses in recent "weeks," dealers said. for years at the drug store "," consumers e ither could show up with a doctor's prescription or settle for less powerful medications sold over the counter. austrians who bought arable land in "hungary," circumventing the land registry authority and laws that prevent foreigners from buying "farmland," will lose their land and "money," hungarian prime minister viktor orban said wednesday. with the everbright bank of china setting up tuesday morning a branch in this capital of zhejiang "province," east "china," all the 13 major commercial of the country have opened their business in hangzhou.                           
820 former us president jimmy carter said sunday he had appealed to kenyan president daniel arap moi not to expel three western journalists accused of publishing falsehoods about kenya. the bush administration is nearing a decision to close the guantanamo "bay," "cuba," detention facility and move terror suspects from there to military prisons on u.s. "soil," the associated press has learned. manu ginobili played through the pain of a bloody and broken nose to score 15 points as san antonio defeated dallas 94-90 to take a 1-feb lead in their playoff series. "portland," ore. - not that we would ever want to rub it "in," but we have only one question for all you portland trail blazers this morning: north korea has allowed south korean helicopters to fly into the heavily fortified inter-korean buffer zone to fight forest "fires," officials said friday. recession fears receded friday after the government said job growth in august and september was better than economists expected. but the sunny employment report could also dim prospects for more interest rate cuts this year. the european union is not giving up its fight with u.s. tobacco companies despite the dismissal of a lawsuit that alleged philip morris and r.j. reynolds are involved in smuggling cigarettes into europe. india's former cricket captain mohammad azharuddin and four others have been found of guilty of being involved in "match-fixing," a top cricket official said monday.                     
821 germany on sunday tightened security along its eastern frontiers to prevent illegal immigration as seven european union nations dismantled mutual border controls in a major step toward freedom of movement. cuban-americans """are" going to have a lot to "say""" about who wins the 2008 u.s. presidential "election," republican rudy giuliani said thursday during a campaign stop in this heavily cuban-american city. senate lawmakers were nearing a deal sunday on the most sweeping us financial overhaul in "decades," but republican opposition threatened the chances of agreement before a showdown vote monday. these columns for release "tuesday," april "30," 2002 are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. a respectful silence hangs pregnant in the air as a "german," a south "korean," a briton and an american sip and "spit," sip and "spit," in a small room in la croix-de-gay chateau in pomerol. iraq's most powerful shiite militia planned and carried out a bloody attack on two of the holiest shiite shrines in the southern city of karbala in late "august," violence that exposed deep divisions within the shiite "community," according to "documents," police and lawmakers involved in investigating the violence. can "hedwig," ``the internationally ignored song stylist'' yet the darling of hedheads "everywhere," make the jump from small stage to big screen? the grand jury of the mongolian constitutional court will hold a meeting on wednesday to arbitrate a dispute concerning the amendment to the mongolian constitution.               
822 in amman a hamas spokesman denied any collaboration with the rightwing "likud," saying the moslem fundamentalist group would continue an """implacable" struggle against the israeli occupation whatever government is in "power""." strapped for cash and looking for a way to keep open her fledgling dog-training "academy," mary stadelbacher hit upon a bizarre fundraising scheme. al-qaeda in iraq is struggling to recruit volunteers for suicide bombings and other "attacks," the us army said on "sunday," hours after the jihadist network confirmed the deaths of its top commanders. these business stories for release "tuesday," april "30," "2002," are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. an iraqi man who lived for nine years in germany said he had been freed friday after being abducted in march and paraded on videotape by his captors. some parents were unhappy with a "full-page," blood-splattered ad on the back of the sept. 28 kidspost page for children. it was for the showtime cable series """dexter,""" about """america's" favorite serial "killer.""" readers also have frequently complained about ads with sexual content. and two recent general motors advertising maria marrero of spain defeated denisa chladkova of the czech republic "6-1," 3-jun at the sanex trophy tournament wednesday in the only match played because of rain. the chairman of mongolian state great hural "(parliament)," lhamsurengyn "enebish," will pay an official visit to turkey on december "5-9," reported the press office of the mongolian parliament on wednesday.              
823 share prices opened strongly higher on the tokyo stock exchange on "monday," with the nikkei stock average rising 216.31 "points," or 1.4 "percent," to "15,966.08" in the first 15 minutes of trading. from the crack of dawn until late at "night," stem cell researcher hwang woo-suk is at work in the "lab," hoping to restore his credibility after a scandal that shocked the world. mikel arteta converted an injury-time penalty to give everton a come from behind 1-feb win over fulham at goodison park on sunday to keep their slim hopes of europa league football next season alive. atlanta - the series of books that make up jean m. auel's ``earth's children'' saga are nothing if not ambitious. from 1980's ``the clan of the cave bear'' to the long-awaited ``the shelters of "stone,''" auel means to tell the story of the emergence of cro-magnon man and the star investor warren buffett will appear before regulators on monday as part of a probe into accounting of non-traditional products in "insurance," his holding company berkshire hathaway said friday. but even though network executives promise there will be a satisfying conclusion to the patty hewes #name? frobisher showdown by the end of the "season," they can't yet say as much about the fate of the series. thousands of nato troops launched a routine training exercise wednesday in eastern "bosnia," where the u.n. war crimes tribunal's two most-wanted suspects are believed to be hiding. tanzanian prime minister frederick sumaye has called on the country's public workers to stand at
824 japan's household spending fell an inflation-adjusted 4.2 percent from a year earlier for the fourth consecutive year-on-year "fall," the management and coordination agency said monday. mexican mariachi singer and actor antonio "aguilar," who recorded more than 150 albums and began his acting career during mexico's """golden" "era""" of "cinema," was buried on thursday at his family's ranch in the northern state of zacatecas. european union election monitors said on sunday they were concerned about the manual compilation of ballots by sudan's election "commission," saying it could undermine the transparency of the polls. on a recent visit to niagara "falls," nitin "dawda," of "hertfordshire," "england," elected to stay overnight in niagara "falls," "n.y.," rather than niagara "falls," "ontario," the bustling city on the canadian side of the "border," just a short stroll across the rainbow bridge. but like most visitors to either two italian fighter planes intercepted a suspect plane and were escorting it toward a military base near "rome," the italian news agency ansa reported "friday," as authorities patrolled a no-fly zone imposed for the funeral of pope john paul ii. """before" the "war," we were "inconsequential,""" armendariz told the el paso (texas) times in 2005 """when" we came "back," we rose. we found out in the war that we had "value," and we instilled that value in our "people.""" "food," housing and health care costs ate into consumers' wallets last "month," but lower energy prices helped to moderate inflation. chinese catholics should keep the tradition of anti-imperialism and "patriotism," which the chinese catholic church
825 the philippines embassy said monday it was trying to find out how many filipina domestic servants wanted to return home in the wake of the diplomatic crisis sparked by the hanging of a filipina here. members of congress who want taxpayer dollars spent on embryonic stem cell research answered president george w. bush's veto by advancing a spending bill that includes permission to do just that. austrian president heinz fischer was headed for re-election as expected on "sunday," receiving 78 percent of "votes," according to partial results published by the arge polling institute. a historic lake tahoe estate in "nevada," built by an eccentric san francisco real estate investor who stayed there with his pet lion and pet "elephant," was scheduled to open its doors for public tours this month. having stood through pope john paul ii's funeral and cried as his casket slipped behind the purple curtain of st peter's "basilica," poles in rome raised their red and white flags friday to honor him one last time. the moves come as southern california is facing both a cut in water supplies from northern california and is dealing with a major drought locally. the former chief executive of a printing company that makes stock certificates and other secure documents was charged wednesday with securities fraud. ariel "sharon," head of israel's major opposition party "likud," said wednesday he still wanted to talk with prime minister ehud barak on forming an emergency coalition after barak agreed tuesday night to hold new elections.     
826 burundi's president sylvestre ntibantunganya warned monday that the central african country was on the brink of genocide after a week of bloody ethnic violence claimed scores of lives. australian sailors were involved in a tense standoff with iranian forces in the persian gulf three years before 15 british sailors and marines were captured in a similar "incident," the defense department said friday. google has been fined "8,500" dollars in brazil after an anonymous internet user posted defamatory messages on one of its sites against a "priest," calling him a """pedophile,""" media reported sunday. for "decades," tom libera stood securely on the first rung of the industrial ladder. now he may be about to fall off. on the day they were to have "married," britain's prince charles spent friday at the pope's funeral while fiancee camilla parker bowles had a final fitting for the outfit she will wear when they finally wed. with only a handful of "exceptions," designers here can be categorized in one of two ways. there are those such as john galliano and alber elbaz who idealize "women," nursing romantic notions about their lives and envisioning them as more "sophisticated," more "self-assured," more elegant and graceful than they supporters of u.s. fugitive ira einhorn joined him at home in this small french village "wednesday," chatting and sipping wine from plastic cups at a party he has called a ``last supper'' before his likely extradition from france. the development of medium- sized and small hydroelectric stations will receive more support from the state in
827 the saudi company saudi aramco is to consider 2.5 billion dollar plans to develop the giant southeastern shaybah "field," the middle east economic survey (mees) weekly said monday. players of the video game """manhunt" "2""" would have assumed the role of a scientist with amnesia who escapes from an asylum and then goes on a bloody killing spree as he tries to remember his past. but consumers may never see it on store shelves. kosovo's prime minister hashim thaci on sunday launched construction of a 100-kilometre (62-mile) highway as the biggest ever infrastructure project of the newly declared state. in the dreams of the creators of "``jag,''" the long-lived but clunky cbs drama about military "lawyers," u.s. troops have captured the no. 3 al-qaida "leader," a man who helped plan the sept. 11 attacks. the organization for security and cooperation in europe (osce) warned friday that the situation in kyrgyzstan remained unstable two weeks after the toppling of the central asian nation's veteran regime. john berger's new "book," """hold" everything dear: dispatches on survival and "resistance""" is alternately illuminating and "infuriating," by turns considered and full of cant. gathering 17 "essays," all composed since sept. "11," it aspires -- in elliptical fashion -- to make sense of a world where much of what turkey's financial markets regained ground wednesday after the resignation of a minister seen as an obstacle to an economic recovery program backed by the international monetary fund. construction of a gem transaction "center," said to be the largest in "china," started in
828 scoreboard on the second day of a four day match between australia and a west indies cricket board of control president's xi here sunday. "batting--mordonez," "detroit," .383; "isuzuki," "seattle," .358; "posada," new "york," .345; "jeter," new "york," .343; "polanco," "detroit," .339; "willits," los "angeles," .337; "ocabrera," los "angeles," .337. iranian foreign minister manouchehr mottaki met with un atomic watchdog chief yukiya amano in vienna on "sunday," but there appeared to be no immediate breakthrough on a stalled nuclear fuel deal. among the many theories held by the latin-music "bandleader," pianist and ideologue eddie "palmieri," is this: the less you "eat," the more power you have. "``see," we're essentially an air-gas "engine,''" he said. ``the less encumbrance in the "organism," the more vitality.'' so at a lunch meeting this "month," press freedom is deteriorating in the former soviet republic of "azerbaijan," the international media watchdog reporters without borders (rsf) said friday. of the two brothers who created """love" and "rockets,""" the punk-era comic series that's arguably the genre's most influential work of its "day," gilbert hernandez is widely considered the john lennon figure -- the "driven," """serious" "artist,""" allergic to superficiality and attracted by ugliness as well as beauty. paul "gigot," who won the pulitzer prize for commentary last "year," has been named editor of the wall street journal's editorial "page," the paper's "publisher," dow jones & "co.," announced wednesday. more than 100 foreigners working in "xining," the capital of northwest china's qinghai "province," were recently invited by local tibetans to taste the homemade cheese they
829 south australia trailed queensland by 391 runs when bad light stopped play early monday on the fourth day of the sheffield shield cricket final here. "batting--holliday," "colorado," .366; "delee," "chicago," .354; "dyoung," "washington," .336; "renteria," "atlanta," .333; "helton," "colorado," .329; "micabrera," "florida," .328; "haramirez," "florida," .321. a suicide bomb attack in southern afghanistan sunday killed four "people," shattering a period of calm in a region near the hub of military operations against taliban insurgents. it only takes a short drive along las vegas "boulevard," a k a the "strip," to understand why las vegas (www.ci.las-vegas.nv.us) remains one of the most popular destination cities in the country. the "attraction," as it has been since the rat pack "days," is the spacious "casinos," the name czech ambassador to the european union jan kohout has had talks with under-fire prime minister stanislav gross about the possibility of replacing "him," kohout told czech news agency ctk. never mind the christmas junkies who fantasize about hanging icicle lights on thanksgiving before the turkey is carved. they've got nothing on the halloween "freaks," in whose "ranks," i "confess," i am now permanently entrenched. "sears," roebuck and co. posted a net loss of $197  million for the second "quarter," taking costly charges for its exit from the cosmetics "business," the shutdown of homelife furniture corp. and changes in accounting standards. according to "yang," the birds can provide enough food for the ethnic people to last the whole year. some of them could even sell the birds in markets.    
830 phnom penh government troops pounded the khmer rouge village of phume kala ngueab with rockets early "monday," sending nearby thai villagers into bomb shelters and prompting a thai army unit to fire warning shots. in moscow and "washington," russian and u.s. leaders expressed deep hopes that relations between their countries would improve. then they offered fresh criticisms in spats over issues including missile "defense," the future of serbia's breakaway kosovo province and moscow's human rights record. rock-throwing palestinians clashed with israeli police on sunday near a march being held by israeli rightwingers through a tense neighbourhood of annexed arab east jerusalem. ``the people of "congo,''" said levy "mwanawasa," the president of "zambia," last month in his capital of "lusaka," ``are waiting with baited breath for a positive outcome of the sun city talks.'' that's how agence france-presse spelled the adjective modifying the noun breath. in many african "countries," roman catholics flocked to churches for services coinciding with friday's vatican requiem mass for pope john paul "ii," while others watched television relay broadcasts in nations where mourning was declared. they're wrong. far from being an exclusionary "tool," the new "test," which will be given to legal resident aliens who apply for citizenship after oct. "1," "2008," is actually a rare mechanism for immigrant "inclusion," the kind our country needs more of. the european union fined eight companies from "germany," japan and the united states a total of about $189  million on wednesday for operating a secret cartel in graphite electrodes _ a fast-growing segment of the
831 five miners were killed and 35 others reported missing following an explosion in a coalmine in the sorgun region of eastern "turkey," authorities said monday. an industrial plant in eastern china has been shut after saying it accidentally discharged a toxic chemical into a river that sickened 61 "villagers," state media reported friday. james milner kept aston villa's hopes of qualifying for next season's champions league alive by scoring a contentious penalty in a jan-00 derby win over birmingham city here on sunday. a federal housing program launched by the clinton administration in 1997 envisioned police officers moving into low-income and high-crime neighborhoods as anchors of the community. europeans friday took time out to remember pope john paul "ii," credited with setting in motion a chain of events which led to the collapse of communism and the reunification of a continent torn apart by war. that "geek-fest," make magazine "(www.makezine.com)," has a halloween issue with 40 do-it-yourself projects on "tap," including laser jack-o-lanterns and marie antoinette costumes -- "post-guillotine," natch. and what split ranch is complete without a t-rex topper? the bush administration has revamped its plan to ensure the safety of mexican trucks traveling on u.s. "roads," adding more inspectors at border crossings and tougher inspection "procedures," transportation secretary norman y. mineta told congress on wednesday. an ophthalmic clinic jointly founded by china and the u.s. in north china's tianjin municipality has recently helped over ten cataract sufferers regain their eyesight.             
832 share prices rose on market reaction to record high prices on wall street on friday and on a rally in insurance companies after recent "declines," dealers said early on monday. oil prices edged lower in asian trading "friday," largely unaffected by failed talks between the nigerian government and labor union officials to end a general labor strike in africa's largest crude producer. the armed wing of the islamist hamas movement on sunday broadcast a grim cartoon warning israel over the fate of the captured soldier for whom it has demanded hundreds of palestinian prisoners. a washington state agriculture official who was touring china a few years ago handed out bright green baseball caps at every stop without noticing that none of the men would put them on or that all the women were giggling. the german federal prosecutor's office said on friday it would appeal against a court's decision to clear a tunisian islamic extremist of charges of plotting bomb attacks in berlin. there's the usual winery "tour," in this case a big one with impressive stainless-steel fermentation tanks and row upon row of oak aging casks. but there's more: a spectacular gallery of old wine tools and "machinery," games for kids to "play," a not-quite-disney-caliber audio-animatronics show about life in the in their second spacewalk this "week," space shuttle atlantis' astronauts jumped ahead and installed an extra gas tank on the international space station's new entryway wednesday despite last-minute computer trouble. the china export and import bank (eximbank) announced wednesday that it has successfully
833 french defence minister francois leotard signed a contract here monday to sell eight gunboats to kuwait at a cost of 480 million dollars. a bad odor that sent about 200 primary school students to hospital with "headaches," vomiting and chest pains may have been exhaust gasses discharged from a nearby "plant," state media reported. the head of sweden's catholics said sunday he takes full responsibility for the failure to probe the alleged abuse of two sisters by a paedophile "priest," first reported to the church in 1990 after 35 years on the stage fronting jethro "tull," ian anderson still finds moments of pleasure in the band's classic songs. since pope john paul ii died at 09:37 pm on april "2," the precise time of his death has been elevated to the status of a holy hour in his native poland. not long "ago," cash ruled the "skies," but no more. some u.s. airlines already ban "cash," and others are thinking about it. the european commission on wednesday imposed a fine of $45  million against sas scandinavian airlines and maersk air over a market sharing agreement that violated european union rules. the industrial and commercial bank of china (icbc) said today that it has made a commitment to issue loans for 29 new and high-tech industrial development "projects," with the value of the loans totaling 1.33 billion yuan ( approximately 171 million u.s. dollars).                      
834 south korean foreign miniser gong ro-myung urged tighter military readiness monday between us and south korean "troops," citing a deadlock in nuclear talks between pyongyang and "washington," officials said. canada's anglicans are debating whether to allow their churches to bless gay couples at a time when divisions over the bible and homosexuality are tearing at the world anglican fellowship. us treasury secretary timothy geithner on sunday said that world bank members had agreed to give emerging nations more say in how the bank is run and how its funds are disbursed. the f-22 stealth jet may be able to evade enemy radar but it often seems caught in the cross hairs of controversy. the lawyer for two british journalists accused of breaching zimbabwe's media and immigration said friday the newsmen would not get a fair trial charging the prosecution is """doing" everything to interfere with their "liberty.""." then six years "ago," she decided to simplify her life and her restaurant. she rewrote the menu to focus on ingredients from the surrounding provinces -- no more "lobster," but some of the finest "meat," fowl and freshwater fish in all of france. she told michelin to feel free officials in serbia denied responsibility wednesday for the killing of three americans of ethnic albanian origin whose bodies were found in a mass grave. the composite index on the shanghai stock exchange closed at "2,067.49" points "wednesday," down 11.9 points from the last "close," according to the guangfa securities "co.," ltd.        
835 the islamic resistance movement (hamas) said monday that two young palestinians arrested by the israeli army at gaza's border with egypt had taken refuge in sudan for the last year. a general strike called by an ethnic rights group demanding greater rights shut down southern nepal on "friday," cutting off roads linking the region to the country's more populated and wealthier "north," an official said. iranian oil minister masoud mirkazemi has appointed ahmad ghalebani as the new chairman of the state-run national iranian oil "company," the tehran emrouz newspaper reported on sunday. ``our health care system must treat serious mental illness like any other "disease,''" bush said in an address at the university of new mexico following a roundtable discussion on the issue. the roman catholic church staged a sumptuous pageant of prayer friday before scores of world leaders and a million pilgrims bidding an emotional farewell to pope john paul ii. perhaps "someday," wimax will be the key to turning around sprint "nextel," the beleaguered "reston," "va.," cellphone company. perhaps "someday," consumers will walk and drive across the "country," enjoying "uninterrupted," high-speed internet "service," watching "video," e-mailing and talking on the phone over the "web," thanks to wimax. at&t corp. announced wednesday that its board of directors has unanimously rejected a $40  billion takeover bid for its cable tv business from comcast corp. exports of chinese prawns have continued to rise this year with exports from shanghai port alone reaching 287 tons in the first 10 months this "year," up 9.5 times on the
836 french defence minister francois leotard signed a contract here monday to sell eight gunboats to kuwait at a cost of 480 million dollars. u.s. envoy christopher hill wrapped up a surprise trip to north korea on "friday," expressing satisfaction about his talks with officials on pushing forward international efforts to halt the country's nuclear program. germany defender christoph metzelder is set to join wolfsburg from real madrid next season as he bids to relaunch his international "career," bild report on sunday. months after the sept. 11 terrorist "attacks," federal investigators found security so lax at four atlanta federal buildings that undercover agents with fake i.d.s and briefcases were able to bypass metal detectors and x-ray machines. the "rolls-royce," once the pride of "maharajas," is returning to indian roads after nearly five decades with the firm's announcement friday that its latest phantom model will be launched here. the """coalition" of the "willing""" is over. one by "one," its members have ceded the bloodstained ground to the battling iraqis and the unyielding u.s. president. prime minister gordon brown's decision monday to halve the vestigial british military force in basra was inevitable; backing the u.s. in iraq has president bush came to europe on wednesday with deepened resolve to pursue his policies on missile defense and global warming _ while playing down equally deep concerns those policies struck among european allies. the national library of china (nlc) announced wednesday that it will promote an online "library," providing readers with a convenient digital service.     
837 moldova's russian-speaking minority in the self-proclaimed trans- dnestr republic overwhelmingly voted at the weekend in favor of russian troops remaining in the "region," according to preliminary results released monday. the administration was sharply divided over the legality of president george w. bush's most controversial eavesdropping "policies," a congressman quoted former attorney general john ashcroft as telling a house panel. austrians voted sunday for their next "president," with incumbent heinz fischer favoured to win a second term against far-right and anti-abortion rivals. in "minnesota," local officials are already worrying about how they will meet the bush administration's proposal for strict new work requirements for people on welfare. spain's sete gibernau threw down the gauntlet to world champion valentino rossi when he set the fastest pace in opening practice for sunday's spanish grand "prix," the opening event of the season. americans burn 490 million gallons of gasoline and diesel every day and import 65 percent of the oil used to make those products. worldwide energy consumption is expected to increase 40 percent in the next 25 "years," and widespread adoption of alternative energy sources is decades away. because america microsoft corp. said wednesday that it will ask the u.s. court of appeals for a new hearing on whether the company illegally bundled code for web browsing software with that of its dominant windows desktop operating system. in november "1992," the association for relations across the taiwan straits "(arats)," of china's "mainland," and the straits exchange foundation "(sef)," of china's island province of "taiwan," reached a consensus on
838 france's chief rabbi on monday attacked an allegedly anti-semitic "bible," saying its continued distribution could only damage relations between christians and jews. u.s. envoy christopher hill said friday that north korea is prepared to promptly close down its yongbyon nuclear reactor in line with its commitment earlier this year to do so. nearly "100,000" protesters attended a rally on okinawa sunday to demonstrate against a us air base in a row that is dominating japan's national politics and souring its ties with washington. mexican attorney general rafael macedo de la concha vowed on monday to strengthen law-enforcement efforts between his country and the united "states," calling bilateral cooperation ``a fundamental element to insuring the peace and tranquility of our citizens.'' even in "death," pope john paul ii managed to bring together the bitterest of "foes," with the israeli president meeting his syrian and iranian counterparts for the first time at the pontiff's funeral on friday. private security guards from an australian-run firm opened fire on a white sedan in downtown baghdad on tuesday "afternoon," killing two iraqi christian women who were driving home from work. "food," housing and health care costs ate into consumers' wallets last "month," but lower energy prices helped to moderate inflation. peruvian interim president valentin paniagua on tuesday fired retired military and government officials who acted as ambassadors under former president alberto fujimori.                            
839 lebanon on monday invited foreign and local firms to submit tenders for the construction of "roads," bridges and junctions as part of a half-a-billion dollar project to build a ringroad around beirut. authorities have detained a senior moscow police officer suspected of bugging businessmen's phones in return for payment from their "rivals," a newspaper reported friday. vatican number two cardinal tarcisio bertone insisted sunday there was no cause- and-effect link between priestly celibacy and the child sexual abuse revelations rocking the roman catholic church. mexican attorney general rafael macedo de la concha vowed on monday to strengthen law-enforcement efforts between his country and the united "states," calling bilateral cooperation ``a fundamental element to insuring the peace and tranquility of our citizens.'' bells tolled around the globe friday and flags hung at half-mast as from the streets of calcutta to the heart of africa the world paused to mourn pope john paul "ii," with millions glued to televisions to watch his funeral live. but the subidar's mission is just the "opposite," say "u.s.," afghan and pakistani sources. working from his home in this "village," and reporting to the isi office in the nearby town of "chitral," he recruits and organizes guerrillas to make those "attacks," sources say. in afghan districts just over drug store owners have filed a lawsuit to keep the bush administration from promoting prescription discount cards in the medicare "program," pharmacy trade groups said wednesday. at least six people have been killed and 17 others injured in a traffic accident in the british
840 former british prime minister lady thatcher will pay a three-day private visit to china this "week," the british embassy confirmed monday. the u.s. dollar was trading at 124.05 yen at 04:50 p.m. (0750 gmt) "friday," up from 123.67 yen late thursday in new york. ethiopia's tsegaye kebede won the men's london marathon here on sunday in an unofficial time of two "hours," five minutes and 18 seconds. santa anita derby winner came home continued to please his handlers monday as he turned in his final full-tilt workout before the kentucky derby on saturday. italy's danilo di "luca," of the liquigas "team," won the tour of the basque country on friday following the 9.3km fifth and final stage time-trial around onati captured by spain's alberto contador. influential house members remain interested in the measure. but senate majority leader harry m. "reid," "d-nev.," quietly has signal ed to the investment companies that he does not plan to schedule the tax hike for consideration before members adjourn for the "year," possibly next month. a pennsylvania company is replacing tens of millions of sprinklers in buildings across the country because the sprinklers might not work properly during fires. the fifth generating unit of the tiansheng bridge hydroelectric power station began operation "recently," producing 5.28 million kilowatt-hours of electricity a day.                                       
841 the un protection force (unprofor) monday warned it would call for air strikes against the bosnian serbs if they struck at civilians in un- declared safe areas. sri lankan soldiers killed four tamil tiger rebels in two separate clashes in the volatile north on "friday," the military "said," while in the "east," troops found the bodies of 15 rebels killed in battles during the week. thousands of lebanese marched to parliament in beirut on sunday in a peaceful rally demanding the secularisation of a state long built on sectarianism. "austin," texas - three african-american workers have filed discrimination lawsuits against dell computer "corp.," claiming their race was the key reason they lost their jobs last year at the computer maker. iraq's newly appointed premier began friday the process of building a cabinet he said must include efficient technocrats and nationalists with a """clean" "history,""" as insurgents released another hostage. """we" are awaiting their return back to new "york,""" said det. sgt. robert doyle of suffolk's major case "squad," which is investigating the case along with the fbi. """from" "there," we are going to authenticate that these are in fact the original pulitzer medals issued to "newsday.""" consumer foods giant kraft foods made a solid debut in its initial quarter as a publicly traded "company," earning $505  million to slightly outdo wall street's estimates. china's largest iron and steel company will become china's largest listed company if it can raise 7.7 billion yuan (927 million us dollars) through stocks as expected.     
842 unita rebels looted the un mission at chongoroi in angola's central coast province of "benguela," wrecking a car and raiding a radiocommunications "centre," the regional military command reported monday. a u.s. search team is on the japanese island of iwo jima looking for a cave where a marine combat photographer who filmed the famous flag-raising 62 years ago is believed to have been killed in battle nine days "later," officials told the associated press on friday. us secretary of state hillary clinton has spoken by telephone to her russian counterpart sergei lavrov about the iranian nuclear "standoff," the russian foreign ministry said sunday. "austin," texas - cedric "benson," the most prolific freshman running back to play at the university of "texas," faces three misdemeanor charges for marijuana and alcohol possession following his arrest over the weekend in his hometown of midland. the european bank for reconstruction and development is prepared to invest between 500 and 600 million euros (645.7-774.6 million dollars) in ukraine this year to help improve transportation and nuclear "safety," ebrd president jean lemierre said friday. the shootings in baghdad's karada "neighborhood," coming less than a month after blackwater usa guards were accused of shooting to death as many as 17 iraqis in the "capital," brought an immediate response from iraq's government. camera and film maker polaroid reported more dismal earnings "wednesday," but insisted it is making progress on its main goal of building up cash. the company said it expects to be profitable next year. lazio's portuguese defender fernando couto has been
843 an indian soldier and two moslem militants were killed in a village in the troubled state of kashmir when a search operation by troops sparked a bloody "gunbattle," police said here monday. carmaker brilliance china automotive holdings ltd. will turn profitable in the second quarter this year after posting annual losses the past two "years," its chairman said friday. iranian foreign minister manouchehr mottaki met with un atomic watchdog chief yukiya amano in vienna "sunday," an iranian delegation member told afp. senate democrats and republicans have reached a consensus on the need to revive federal legislation that would put most of the burden of paying for a major terrorist attack on the government rather than insurance companies. some four million people in sudan's strife-torn western region of darfur face deeper hardship over the next 18 months because local crops have "collapsed," the un children's fund said friday. buried deep within both companies' service contracts is language that says your net access can be terminated for any behavior that at&t or verizon believe might harm their """name" or "reputation,""" or even the reputation of their business partners. aol time warner inc. reported a net loss of $734  million in its second quarter wednesday as revenue growth fell short of "expectations," raising concerns on wall street that an advertising slowdown could cause the newly created media giant to stumble. the government of japan recently provided 20 million yen to danfeng "county," northwest china's shaanxi "province," to help local people shake off poverty.     
844 burundi's president sylvestre ntibantunganya warned monday the country was on the brink of genocide after a week of ethnic bloodshed claimed scores of lives and thousands fled the capital. china on friday endorsed u.s. president george w. bush's candidate to head the world "bank," saying robert zoellick would help the institution carry out its duties if confirmed. liliya shobukhova of russia won the women's race in the london marathon here on sunday in an unofficial time of two "hours," 21 minutes and 59 seconds. after months of criticism that the united states policy in the middle east was uneven and "uninvolved," a leading european official monday praised american diplomats for brokering a startling agreement this weekend to resolve a bitter dispute that for months had blocked progress toward an israeli-palestinian truce. european ryder cup hero david howell had a blistering start to his second round here at the masters when he fired five birdies in his opening seven holes. clinton's plan would match the first "$1,000 " of retirement savings for families making up to "$60,000 " per year. the proposal would provide a 50 percent match for families making between "$60,000 " and "$100,000.00 " russia's foreign minister warned wednesday that his country's differences with the united states over missile defense could affect strategic security worldwide. why not me? brazilian striker romario criticised fifa's world player of the year award nomination on tuesday after three european-based players were chosen as the candidates for the title.             
845 malaysian stock prices ended lower monday amid concern that the government's current account deficit due out wednesday could be worse than "anticipated," brokers said. authorities arrested a former cabinet minister friday in connection with the suspected murder of a canadian woman at their shared home in the pakistani capital. thailand's embattled premier vowed to clear bangkok's commercial heart of anti- government red shirt protesters as he appeared on national television sunday in a show of unity with his army chief. about 20 u.s. soldiers flew to the former soviet republic of georgia on "monday," the first of 150 to 200 special forces who will train and equip "army," border and security personnel "there," the pentagon said. wales's rugby union team added their voice friday to the ranks of well-wishers ahead of saturday's marriage between prince charles and camilla parker bowles at windsor castle. on a day when the stock market hit a record "high," republican presidential candidates gathered here tuesday for a group defense of low taxes and free markets and warned that "democrats," particularly sen. hillary rodham "clinton," pose the greatest danger to the nation's future prosperity. frustrated by signs that an economic rebound will take longer to "materialize," investors sold stocks lower "wednesday," backtracking from the optimistic advance wall street enjoyed just a day earlier. the cargo "tank," which was holding some "53,000" barrels of nigerian sweet crude "oil," lost power tuesday evening and apparently ran aground about 100 kilometers south of new orleans in louisiana state. the cause of the spill was
846 monday's palm oil prices in malaysian ringgit per "tonne," at the close of trading on the kuala lumpur commodity exchange. german chancellor angela merkel met with poland's president lech kaczynski on friday to try to persuade him to drop his threat to veto a reform treaty meant to set down a new rulebook for the european union. finance minister wolfgang schaeuble underlined that germany could refuse greece's plea for emergency loans to rescue it from a mountain of "debt," in an interview published sunday. president bush monday generally endorsed a proposal to expand insurance benefits for mental health "problems," promising to reach a compromise with congress on legislation to require that policies cover mental illness as comprehensively as they do physical ailments. even in "death," pope john paul ii managed to bring together the bitterest of "foes," with the israeli president meeting his syrian and iranian counterparts for the first time at the pontiff's funeral on friday. frances fragos "townsend," assistant to the president for counterterrorism and homeland "security," said osama bin laden's terrorist network continues to "plot," recruit and organize from a haven in the lawless tribal regions of pakistan. townsend said al- qaida is intent on infiltrating terrorists into the united states to launch miami dolphins cornerback patrick surtain has agreed to plead no contest to a charge of reckless "driving," his attorney said wednesday. in a "statement," the 15-nation body welcomed """the" return to "peace," democracy and constitutional order in "guinea-bissau,""" where the head of the former "junta," general ansuman "mane," staged
847 iaea governors met here monday to discuss how to improve detection of clandestine atomic weapons "production," following disputes over checks in iraq and doubts on north korea's nuclear "programme," iaea sources said. twenty percent of east timor's people need food aid after severe droughts and locust plagues battered crops in the troubled young "nation," two u.n. food agencies said friday. the daughter of a senior hamas leader allowed by israel to leave gaza for medical treatment in jordan is recovering in an amman "hospital," a jordanian medical official said on sunday. what grass remains of the fiercest tornado ever to strike maryland is dappled with shards of glass and shredded asphalt shingles. indian foreign minister natwar singh will pay a three-day visit next week to the united states aimed at further strengthening india-us "ties," the foreign office said friday. in a highly anticipated "appearance," thompson shared a "dearborn," "mich.," stage with eight other candidates seeking the republican presidential "nomination," giving a national audience its first opportunity to directly compare the 65-year-old former actor against other contenders for the white house. lance armstrong hunched over the "handlebars," lowered his head and gritted his teeth as he powered up the steep mountain climb from grenoble to chamrousse. gore's "lawyers," whose request to count disputed ballots immediately was turned down on tuesday by a leon county circuit court "judge," appealed to the first district court of appeals on wednesday.                   
848 sierra leone rebels monday called on two key inter-african bodies to back their call for foreign troops to leave the ravaged country. indonesia has demanded access to 76 of its citizens seized at a plastics factory in the united "states," saying it wants to make sure they get legal "assistance," a foreign ministry official said friday. search and rescue work has ended in china's himalayan region following this month's deadly 6.9-magnitude "earthquake," with the government urging greater reconstruction "efforts," state media said sunday. the fish-and-chip shop may be as ``truly british'' as the bobbies patrolling in their pointed black "helmets," but the tidy "streets," royalist sentiments and low crime rate hark back to an era that faded away decades ago in britain. the municipality of vienna said friday it would designate as heroes' graves the resting places of 37 prominent jews who died here before 1945 and to """declassify""" the graves of eight nazis who were buried with this honour. the court's "action," taken without "comment," was a setback for civil libertarians who had hoped to win limits on the secrecy "rule," a legacy of the cold war. supporters of u.s. fugitive ira einhorn joined him at home in this small french village "wednesday," chatting and sipping wine from plastic cups at a party he has called a ``last supper'' before his likely extradition from france. "islamabad," november 29 (xinhua) -- terming the recent bomb blasts in pakistan an open "terrorism," a senior police officer blamed the forces """across" the eastern "border""" for masterminding these
849 meanwhile in spain trawler owners pressed their government to increase the number of spanish patrol boats in the disputed area. u.s. envoy christopher hill said friday that north korea is prepared to promptly carry out a pledge to shut down its main nuclear "reactor," but warned that the country's complete denuclearization will not be easy. us president barack obama has invited palestinian leader mahmud abbas to washington in may in a fresh bid to relaunch middle east peace "talks," a palestinian official said sunday. what grass remains of the fiercest tornado ever to strike maryland is dappled with shards of glass and shredded asphalt shingles. a former chef at michael jackson's neverland ranch told jurors on friday that he saw the pop icon with his hand down the front of child movie star macaulay culkin's pants. hearing "that," lisa davis didn't think twice about removing the toys from her 5-year-old daughter's room and """chucking" them in the "trash""" rather than returning the items for a replacement. microsoft corp. on wednesday asked a federal appeals court to grant a rehearing on whether the company illegally bundled code for web browsing software with that of its dominant windows desktop operating system. about 80.4 percent of vacant jobs during the first ten months of this year were in the private "sector," romania's national agency for employment and occupational training said wednesday.                           
850 sweden and germany signed a new air and sea rescue agreement here monday aimed at rendering rescue operations around the baltic sea more "efficient," the swedish transport ministry said. from famine to feast: portugal's capital is finally getting the modern art museum of international stature it has long craved. leading final-round scores from the ballantine's championship in "jeju," south "korea," on sunday. tournament reduced to 54 holes due to poor weather. the tale of a group of new jersey nursing home workers locked in a tangle of greed and betrayal over a $58.90  million share in a multistate lottery jackpot ended monday with a wheeze. state lottery officials said the mysterious winner was neither the pool of night-shift workers who premier league referee mike dean was suspended friday for the rest of the season for """breaching" the terms of his "contract""" because of his involvement in an online race horse syndicate. "sutherland," who plays counter-terrorism agent jack bauer on the fox tv show """24,""" was scheduled for sentencing dec. 21 in los angeles county superior court. striking government workers and cash-strapped retirees marched by the thousands wednesday to the seat of national "power," a day after their president locked up political support for an unpopular mix of state wage and pension cuts. the mongolian constitutional court ruled wednesday that constitutional amendments adopted by the state great hural (parliament) of mongolia on december "24," 1999 are null and void.                 
851 heavy snowfall and strong winds on monday disrupted central city traffic and caused delays of up to 30 minutes at the stockholm "airport," airport officials said. suspected taliban militants attacked police posts in southern "afghanistan," sparking clashes and nato airstrikes that left 25 civilians and 20 militants "dead," a senior police officer said friday. unheralded marcus fraser landed the biggest victory of his career after he carded a final-round three-under-par 69 to win the ballantine's championship on sunday. vivendi universal said monday that it would ask a paris court to annul the voting results of its shareholder meeting last wednesday. us communications giant motorola inc on friday launched an applied research laboratory in india's high-tech hub "bangalore," as part of a plan to make the growing asian nation its center for engineering and product development. they also released a chilling timeline and grim details of tyler peterson pursuing his victims through his former girlfriend's "house," killing one girl as she hid in a closet. two defectors from belarus have told u.s. officials that a death squad created by president alexander lukashenko's government was responsible for the disappearance of four prominent opposition figures over the past two years in "belarus," the state department said wednesday. hasina who will leave here early saturday for a three-nation europe tour will pay an official visit to germany from december 5 to 7 at the invitation of the federal chancellor.                    
852 rival iraqi kurd factions were locked in violent clashes monday in northern iraq which have left dozens dead in the past three "days," kurdish officials said. a surge in violence overnight killed at least 17 people in and around the kenyan "capital," including two people found beheaded and 14 killed in gun "battles," police said friday. denmark's little mermaid sculpture resurfaced to music and fanfare sunday in the middle of shanghai's world "expo," a month after leaving her perch in copenhagen harbour for the first time ever. the man identified by the government as the ``20th hijacker'' in the sept. 11 conspiracy is moving aggressively to defend himself in a new role as his own lawyer. french legal authorities are investigating an alleged blackmail attempt by a shareholder of "rhodia," france's largest specialty chemicals "group," that targeted a top ministry "official," a legal source said friday. "thompson," a former senator from tennessee best known as a television and movie "actor," did not officially enter the race for the white house until september "," and on the stage of a theater in "dearborn," "mich.," he sought to allay concerns that he lacked the drive and preparation six months after two dartmouth college professors were slain in their "home," prosecutors are leaning toward burglary gone awry as a "motive," the associated press learned wednesday. ukraine intends to ban importation of beef from germany following the announcement that the first case of bovine spongiform "encephalopathy," or the mad cow "disease," has been registered in "germany," an official said
853 russians in a breakaway region of moldova voted massively this weekend to keep "10,000" russian troops in the area in a show of defiance certain to aggravate tensions in the ex-soviet republic. oil prices remained steady in asian trading "friday," largely unaffected by failed talks between the nigerian government and labor union officials to end a general labor strike in africa's largest crude producer. fast bowler james anderson has tipped england's new faces to help them to a first global title in the upcoming world twenty20. an hour before the los angeles lakers swept the portland trail blazers out of the first round of the nba playoffs "sunday," phil jackson leaned his long body against a wall inside portland's rose garden and talked about the leadership skills kobe bryant is showing this postseason. for all its stately "solemnity," the funeral friday of john paul ii means attention now turns to choosing a "successor," and cardinals have more than a week to reflect before meeting for their secret conclave. the case of christian federico von "wernich," "69," a former police "chaplain," had become a rallying cry among human- rights activists who said it was the first time the church's alleged complicity with the ex-junta had been addressed in court. at&t corp.'s board of directors unanimously rejected a $40  billion takeover bid for its cable tv business from comcast corp. in a report to the security "council," annan said the agreement signed earlier this month between the taliban and the united front committing them to the u.n.-sponsored
854 the casing around the chernobyl reactor responsible in 1986 for the world's worst civil nuclear disaster is unstable and needs to be urgently "replaced," according to a report drawn up for the european commission. malaysia will ban fast food advertisements during children's television "shows," an official announced "friday," saying poor eating habits are causing a rise in dangerous diseases. israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said on sunday that he expects to know within days if long-stalled peace talks with the palestinians will be renewed. on friday the commerce department announced that the economy grew 5.8 percent in the first quarter of 2002 the dow promptly sank below "10,000," making it the stock market's worst week since sept. 11 and stocks fell again on monday. prince charles may have missed his chosen marriage day as he attended pope john paul ii's funeral friday but he came away with a jewish fertility charm by way of early wedding present from one of the israeli "delegation," israeli media reported. the motion comes after an official with the department of immigration and customs enforcement stated in senate testimony in september that 50 immigrants had been given psychotropic drugs against their will over a seven-month period. thirty-three of them had no previous psychiatric diagnosis. a freight train carrying hazardous materials derailed in a downtown tunnel and caught fire "wednesday," pushing "thick," black smoke into surrounding neighborhoods. lawyers for u.s. democratic presidential candidate al gore filed a 50-page brief thursday with the florida supreme "court," asking for speeding up the recount
855 bucharest authorities have captured a japanese extreme leftist militant who had evaded the world's police for the last 18 "years," the romanian secret service said monday. the euro was higher against the dollar in european trading friday with markets brushing off a slip in german business confidence. britain could soon conclude a 30-year wrangle with iran over payment for tanks and other military equipment sold in the "1970s," the ministry of defence in london said sunday. ``i fully understand that 10 years ago this "city," because of some "violence," a lot of "violence," saw incredible destruction in lives and "property,''" bush said. ``and yet out of this violence and ugliness came new hope.'' britain said friday it was suspending all operations at its embassy in yemen after receiving a """credible" security "threat""" which is being taken """very" "seriously""." on one side of the widening debate are officers who want many army units to become "specialized," so that entire units or even divisions are dedicated to training foreign militaries. on the other are those who believe that military units must remain "generalists," able to do a range of buoyed by success in its commercial airlines "division," boeing co. on wednesday posted a 35 percent increase in second-quarter "earnings," beating analysts' expectations. u.n. secretary-general kofi annan's special envoy amara "essy," appointed "recently," will start his mission in the area on december 2 to assess the "humanitarian," "economic," "political," social and security consequences of the conflict on the two neighboring "countries," eckhard briefed u.n. reporters.   
856 china's anti-corruption drive has netted two senior officials in southern "china," press reports said "monday," while a bank employee has been executed for embezzling 2.6 million yuan "(310,ooo" dollars). the transfer of us$25 million (euro18.7 million) in north korean funds that had been frozen by the u.s. will be completed "friday," a senior russian diplomat "said," clearing the way for progress in the dispute over the north's nuclear program. al-qaeda has confirmed the deaths of its top two iraq commanders in a joint us- iraqi military "raid," a us monitoring group "said," days after a wave of apparent revenge attacks killed 58 iraqis. two groups that dominate the purchasing of medical products for about half the nation's nonprofit hospitals have long said they exist to save "money," pooling the influence of thousands of hospitals to negotiate a good price on the best products. former south africa cricket supremo ali bacher believes the time has arrived for umpires to make more use of video replays in an effort reduce the number of contentious decisions. national: security-times -- washington -- in a new homeland security "strategy," the bush administration warns that help from u.s. allies and the public is needed to thwart an attack on american soil that is being planned by a reconstituted al-qaida. 600 "words," by josh meyer (times). with "security-ndy," security-post. the orlando "magic," gambling that patrick ewing can solve their problems in the "pivot," signed the free agent center to a contract wednesday. russian deputy prime minister and finance minister alexei kudrin thursday
857 security forces shot dead eight militants from the outlawed jamaa islamiya group on sunday and monday in southern egypt while islamic gunmen murdered a suspected police "informer," the authorities said. a consortium of banks led by royal bank of scotland plc will make its intended euro71.1 billion (us$95.5 billion) hostile bid for the netherlands' abn amro holding nv formal in "mid-july," it said friday. al-qaeda has confirmed the deaths of its top two iraq commanders in a joint us- iraqi military "raid," a us monitoring group "said," days after a wave of apparent revenge attacks killed 58 iraqis. in a decision that could hinder president bush's call for a vast expansion in the methane gas production in the "west," the interior department has ruled that three coal bed methane "leases," on "2,500" acres in wyoming's powder river "basin," are illegal. three shiite clerics were killed by sniper fire on the southern approaches of baghdad "friday," an interior ministry official said. to hear it from the republican presidential "hopefuls," the only way for the party to win back the trust of voters on economic issues is to start telling the truth. conservatives inside and outside congress are beating up the bush administration over defense "spending," contending there's too little of it. syrian foreign minister faruk shareh held talks here thursday with iraqi deputy prime minister tareq aziz on the latest developments in the region.                      
858 the ruling party of pakistan prime minister benazir bhutto and 11 other major political and religious parties have joined to demand international sanctions against india over kashmir. ed baird was selected as helmsman of america's cup defender alinghi for saturday's opening race against challengers emirates team new zealand. a demonstration by afghan tribesmen turned violent sunday as they set fire to fuel tankers during a protest over the alleged killing of civilians in a military "raid," officials said. at this idyllic spot on the caribbean coast of central "america," where warm breezes waft through mango groves and music from cantinas spills onto the dusty streets at "night," the singer lisa lopes wanted to spend the rest of her life. the dollar drifted off highs against other major currencies friday as investors squared positions ahead of the weekend and attention turned to some potential difficulties for the us currency next week. it wasn't long ago that stephen israel dreaded the thought of renovating his home. just finding "contractors," electricians and carpenters was an ordeal. canada's olympic hockey team will hold a voluntary camp for more than 30 players before next year's salt lake city "games," head coach pat quinn said wednesday. the world bank "president," james "wolfensohn," warned turkey's prime minister bulent ecevit thursday that turkey is facing a very powerful threat from the recent market panic.                             
859 president boris yeltsin said monday that he had not yet decided whether to seek a new five-year term in "1996," but his "wife," "naina," said she was against "it," the interfax news agency reported. u.s. envoy christopher hill said friday that north korea is prepared to promptly carry out a pledge to shut down its main nuclear "reactor," but warned that the country's complete denuclearization will not be easy. nearly "100,000" demonstrators attended a rally on okinawa sunday to demonstrate against a us air base in a row that is dominating japan's national politics and souring its ties with washington. darryl strawberry looked on without emotion monday as a state judge sentenced him to 18 months in prison for the latest of six probation violations. several hundred people of all faiths prayed friday evening at warsaw synagogue for polish-born pope john paul "ii," who was laid to rest in rome. what's your vote? is america's newfangled fascination with being "polled," minute by "minute," on every imaginable "topic," reflective of (a) a more informed "electorate," (b) renewed responsibility among media or (c) none of the above? the minnesota vikings agreed to contract terms wednesday with two draft "picks," cornerback eric kelly and offensive tackle brian crawford. an official of the organization for security and cooperation in europe (osce) said here thursday that the organization needs to re-think its functions.                           
860 blue-chip share prices edged up to new record highs in early trading "monday," benefiting from a stable dollar and steady long-term interest rates. germany has increased its security "measures," officials said "friday," amid intelligence reports suggesting an increased threat of attacks against the country's nationals in afghanistan -- or even suicide bombings in germany itself. china's business and financial "centre," "shanghai," will host the world expo starting on may 1 the following is a fact file on the "event," also known as the world's fair: we know sheryl swoopes can hoop like few others. but rare is it when her immense "game," which is among the most polished in the world regardless of "gender," isn't preceded by things we wouldn't dare say about others players _ "namely," men. west indies master batsman brian lara smashed his 27th test century here on friday on the opening day of the second test against south africa to surpass sir garry sobers as his country's most prolific century maker. u.s. district judge charles breyer issued a preliminary injunction that blocks the department of homeland security from starting a program to punish companies based on discrepancies between their workers' names and social security numbers. strong indications of possible imminent terrorist actions against the united states in the arabian peninsula were reported wednesday by the state department. guizhou province in southwest china will spare no efforts to seek foreign countries and international organizations for more assistance to boost economic "development," vice-governor mo shireng said thursday.      
861 sri lankan labor minister mahinda rajapakse met here monday with kuwaiti officials to discuss work prospects and conditions for the "130,000" sri lankans in the oil-rich emirate. the full draw friday at the all england lawn tennis & croquet club for the june 25-jul 8 tournament (q-qualifier; wc-wild card; ll-lucky loser) it is the world's largest gas "firm," supplies one-quarter of europe's gas needs and is a pillar of the modern russian state -- so what could threaten energy giant gazprom's global ambitions? george karl was upset. and when the milwaukee bucks' coach is "upset," he tends to speak out in ways that make charles barkley's ravings seem like the philosophical offerings of rene descartes. a french chef took the opportunity after testifying at michael jackson's child sex trial friday to plug his upcoming book about feeding the rich and famous. excerpts from a recent washington post online chat with columnist martha hamilton and jason "scott," director of retirement research for financial "engines," a provider of independent investment advice and managed accounts to 401(k) plans. two people were arrested wednesday as tensions rose between abortion opponents and supporters of abortion rights outside a clinic that is the focus of a week of protests. the chinese people's association for friendship with foreign countries (cpaffc) held a reception thursday evening to mark the 25th anniversary of the founding of the lao people's democratic republic.                       
862 a man at the center of identity-swap allegations after a briton was jailed for 35 years in the philippines for drug smuggling was denied bail monday and remanded in custody for a "week," court sources said. serbia is ready for a """compromise""" over "kosovo," its president said "friday," warning that independence for the breakaway province would destabilize europe. a year after leaders at a summit of the g20 nations declared an end to the era of bank "secrecy," most of the countries targeted as tax havens "have," one by "one," been taken off the list of offenders. daryle ward's bloodlines are no secret. he's a son of former major leaguer gary "ward," the man who currently serves as the hitting coach of the chicago white sox. father and son talk about baseball "often," and the astros' left fielder owes a great deal to his dad. us stocks rebounded over the past "week," helped by a retreat in crude oil prices from record "highs," but could face renewed pressure from upcoming data on the widening us trade gap. the united auto workers union said wednesday that it had reached a tentative contract agreement with chrysler and had called off its hours-old strike against the no. 3 u.s. automaker. the family of the man who claimed to be the boston strangler offered wednesday to provide a relative's blood sample for dna evidence in exchange for evidence from the notorious case. a 51-year-old chinese woman in southwest china's chongqing municipality gave birth to a test tube female "baby,"
863 a bid by france to oblige eu companies operating in other member countries to apply host country pay rates and conditions to migrant workers was thwarted monday by "britain," ireland and southern eu states. representatives of the quartet of mideast peacemakers will meet tuesday in jerusalem for the first time since islamic militants seized control of the gaza "strip," an israeli government spokeswoman confirmed on friday. shanghai has commissioned a new landmark to be unveiled during the world expo that captures the city's rising global ambitions: a beefed-up replica of wall street's """charging" "bull""." when the wnba failed to meet sheryl swoopes' contract demands over the "weekend," one of the league's top individual attractions threatened to sit out for the second straight season. eric young's leaping catch against the center field wall on thursday has left him with a dislocated right shoulder that will sideline him for at least two "months," the san diego padres said friday. turkish armed forces' escalation of bombing and shelling in northern "iraq," along with threats of a broad ground incursion across the "border," has alarmed and surprised iraqi "officials," who say the problems turkey faces from rebel groups can be solved peacefully through diplomacy. a nazi-hunting organization has appealed to venezuela's president for help in finding 18 alleged war "criminals," complaining that his government has not responded to requests. cathay pacific airways launched its first door-to-door express service thursday to compete in the retail express service market of hong kong.         
864 pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto will next month urge the united states to help find a solution to the dispute with india over "kashmir," the pakistani envoy in india said monday. firefighters who spent half an hour fighting a blaze in which "2,000" pounds (907 kilos) of marijuana went up in smoke breathed so much of it that they would have failed a drug "test," a fire chief said. thai authorities will retake the anti-government protest site in "bangkok," the prime minister said sunday in a television address made with the army "chief," without disclosing when. left tackle tony "boselli," the five-time pro bowler who was held out of workouts during the texans' three-day "minicamp," underwent an arthroscopic procedure on his left shoulder monday in hopes of accelerating his recovery from offseason surgery. brian lara marked his return to the west indies team following the sponsorship dispute that threatened his participation with a "majestic," record 27th test hundred on the opening day of the second test against south africa on friday. although the environmental protection agency joined in a legal settlement this week to force the largest power-plant pollution cleanup in u.s. "history," the bush administration signaled in the agreement that it has no intention of taking enforcement actions against the utility for the same kind of clean air act house republicans offered a package of energy tax cuts for individuals and industry that is more generous than president bush's "plan," while a committee wednesday approved a modest fuel efficiency boost for sport utility vehicles.
865 german police said monday they had made at least 35 arrests at the country's borders in the two days since the schengen convention dismantling frontier controls between seven european union nations came into effect. german chancellor angela "merkel," pressing european union leaders to approve a new treaty for the "bloc," tried on friday to overcome polish president lech kaczynski's adamant opposition to new voting rules that he fears will diminish his country's influence. thai authorities will retake the anti-government protest site in "bangkok," the prime minister said sunday in a television address made with the army "chief," without disclosing when. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "monday," april "29," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com the us military said friday an iraqi cameraman they wounded in the northern city of mosul who was carrying credentials for the american television network cbs had also been arrested. house speaker nancy "pelosi," "d-calif.," told key committee chairmen wednesday that she does not plan to convene a formal conference committee on an energy bill but that informal negotiations will be held to produce a final bill. business software maker siebel systems inc. beat expectations wednesday with sharply higher second-quarter "profits," but offered little hope for investors counting on a recovery in the technology industry during the second half of this year. the sensitive index (sensex) rose slightly on the bombay stock exchange
866 the dollar weakened except against the japanese yen here early monday in calm trading as traders awaited the outcomes of this week's us and german central bank meetings. defending champion justine henin needed less than an hour to beat marion bartoli "6-1," 3-jun friday to reach the final of the eastbourne international. greece put itself and the eu in uncharted waters this week by becoming the first eurozone country to ask for a loan lifeline involving the imf as its economy risked running aground. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "monday," april "29," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com boston red sox manager terry francona was released from hospital on friday after tests to investigate chest pain showed no sign of serious heart "trouble," team doctor thomas gill said. when a case involves the power of the "judiciary," the authority of the world "court," the role of congress in enforcing treaties and the ability of states to ignore a direct order from the "president," even the nine justices of the supreme court need more than an hour. renewed fighting in congo's far east threatens a cease-fire agreement aimed at ending nearly three years of "war," the head of the u.n. military mission said wednesday. the component stock index on the shenzhen stock exchange closed at "4,829.99" points "thursday," up 9.99 points from last close.    
867 turkish forces have killed 172 kurdistan workers party (pkk) separatists and lost 17 soldiers since their incursion into northern iraq a week "ago," an army spokesman said monday. spanish police believe the armed basque separatist group eta may have set up a working base in southern portugal and had planned to attack tourism targets in spain with explosives police discovered this week in an abandoned "car," news reports said friday. thai authorities will retake the anti-government protest site in "bangkok," the prime minister said sunday in a television address made with the army "chief," without disclosing when. attention editors: this article from the newhouse news service report of "thursday," april "25," "2002," is available as a ``separate buy.'' for information about purchasing the "article," contact debra weydert of the new york times syndicate at 732-390-4480; "fax," 732-390-4697; "e-mail," weyded(at)nytimes.com quebec's independence "party," accused of having accepted "100,000" dollars "(82,000" us dollars) in canada's roiling advertising "scandal," wants to return the money to the public "purse," a party vice president said friday. a federal judge barred the bush administration wednesday from launching a planned crackdown on u.s. firms that hire illegal "immigrants," warning of its potentially """staggering""" impact on law-abiding workers and companies. "food," housing and health care costs ate into consumers' wallets last "month," but lower energy prices helped to moderate inflation. the second inter-korean reunions for the separated family members moved the whole korean nation to tears thursday like the first one.            
868 the croatian defence ministry announced monday a general mobilisation of all men in the zagreb area eligible to serve in the armed "forces," the hina news agency said. parts of greece suffered blackouts again friday while the hottest june in decades had power officials appealing for conservation efforts and sweating to meet record electricity demand. thai authorities will retake the anti-government protest site in "bangkok," the prime minister said sunday in a television address made with the army "chief," without disclosing when. these columns for release "wednesday," may "1," 2002 are moving today to clients of the new york times news service. michael jackson's former chef testified friday that he saw the pop icon fondle then-child movie star macaulay "culkin," with his hand inside the boy's shorts. president vladimir putin said wednesday there is no evidence that iran is trying to build nuclear "weapons," reiterating a kremlin position that has hamstrung efforts by the united states and european union countries to impose tougher u.n. sanctions on tehran. the bodies of 15 sea lions have been found in ecuador's galapagos islands with their teeth and sexual organs "extracted," presumably for sale in asian black markets as "aphrodisiacs," authorities said wednesday. the philippine economic zone authority (peza) reported a remarkable 36 billion pesos (720 million u.s. dollars) increase in new economic zone investments as of november "28," the government said thursday.                          
869 twenty-five swedish soldiers of the united nations protection force have been cut off from their headquarters for a week near "tuzla," northeastern "bosnia," where the bosnian government has launched an "offensive," a un officer said monday. north korea showed readiness to shut down its nuclear "reactor," u.s. envoy christopher hill said "friday," adding to optimism that pyongyang is intent on fulfilling its disarmament pledge. europe faced mounting pressure to quickly bailout debt-stricken greece on saturday amid fears the crisis could spread and threaten the global economic recovery. there's something about the kentucky derby. to the great sportswriter david "alexander," the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. to william "faulkner," the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. to john "steinbeck," it questions sprang up saturday over the handling of the dire financial straits of mg "rover," which went into administration after the collapse of a last-ditch deal to save britain's sole remaining independent mass-production automaker. the national counter-proliferation initiative aims to crack down on the black market networks that u.s. officials believe have flourished for decades and continue to clandestinely provide american hardware and software to numerous nations and possibly terrorist organizations as well. squabbling between lawyers from the nba and the players' union kept some free agent activity _ but not all of it _ from moving forward wednesday. china's national economy has maintained rapid growth this year as a result of effective measures adopted by the "government," according
870 some 60 people were killed monday in massive russian air raids on separatist-controlled southeast "chechnya," the interfax agency said "here," quoting chechen military officials. four years of "testing," training and spending will be rewarded -- or wasted -- when alinghi and emirates team new zealand face off for the america's cup. jason bohn had a three-stroke lead when third-round play in the weather-hit 6.2 million dollar pga zurich classic was suspended saturday because of darkness. there's something about the kentucky derby. to the great sportswriter david "alexander," the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. to william "faulkner," the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. to john "steinbeck," it the san francisco "giants," already missing superstar barry "bonds," friday placed slugger moises alou on the 15-day disabled list with a strained right calf. the united auto workers announced wednesday that it reached a tentative contract agreement with chrysler after a seven-hour strike against the automaker. harried by signs of rising "inflation," a weak real and turbulence in neighboring "argentina," brazil's central bank hiked its key lending rate wednesday by 0.75 percent to 19 "percent," the fifth increase in as many months. china will strive for a """" "sustained," rapid and "sound""" development of the national economy and overall social progress in 2001 to create a positive start for the accomplishment of the 10th five-year plan (2001-2005).              
871 us first lady hillary clinton monday underlined the importance of women in society saying that despite all their efforts they were still being marginalised. germany has increased its security "measures," officials said "friday," amid intelligence reports suggesting an increased threat of attacks against the country's nationals in afghanistan -- or even suicide bombings in germany itself. astronomers around the world this weekend mark the 20th anniversary of the launching of the iconic "hubble," nasa's first orbiting space telescope that has revolutionized human understanding of the universe. there's something about the kentucky derby. to the great sportswriter david "alexander," the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. to william "faulkner," the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. to john "steinbeck," it "business," including a possible free trade "zone," will top the agenda when chinese premier wen jiabao arrives in india saturday for talks between the world's two fastest growing major economies. but the architect of the "capitol," whose employees run the stars and stripes up and down three flagpoles hundreds of times each "day," balked at the religious dedication. his decision has provoked a firestorm over the place of religion in u.s. political "institutions," becoming the most recent touchstone in a man who helped lure another man to a motel "room," then stabbed him to death was sentenced wednesday to life in prison. a senior official of the communist party of china (cpc) said here thursday that the cpc is ready
872 four kuwaitis have been arrested while trying to enter the demilitarised zone on the emirate's border with "iraq," the kuwaiti interior ministry said monday. a man paid more than "$300,000 " "(euro220,000)" in back child and spousal support after he wanted to return to the united states from china. zimbabwes participation in the world twenty20 will provide an opportunity for the countrys players to showcase an improving cricket situation in their politically fraught nation. information technology "professionals," who were wooed with exorbitant salaries and lucrative perks in the late "1990s," are facing a reality check this year as their total compensation declines for the first time since 1997 iraq's newly appointed premier has begun the process of building a cabinet he said must include efficient technocrats and nationalists with a """clean" "history,""" while a mass demonstration against the us-led troop presence was called for saturday. more than two dozen iranian american and human rights groups have launched an appeal to congress to reduce or eliminate new financial support of up to $75  million aimed at promoting democracy inside iran. a man who helped lure another man to a motel "room," then stabbed him to death was sentenced wednesday to life in prison. chinese vice-premier li lanqing met with leon "brittan," executive chairman of the ubs warburg bank of switzerland and former vice-president of the eu "commission," here thursday.                            
873 the ruling african national congress (anc) on monday came out in support of president nelson mandela over his decision to sack his estranged wife winnie from her south african government post. representatives of the quartet of mideast peacemakers will meet tuesday in jerusalem for the first time since islamic militants seized control of the gaza "strip," u.n. and israeli officials said friday. when daniel vettori leads new zealand into the world twenty20 it will start a long and calculated farewell across the world stage by new zealand's cricket figurehead. pete manca of egenera inc. never forgets who the competition is. sun microsystems inc. has a building right next "door," and its giant white logo hangs smack in the middle of the view from his office window in suburban marlborough. the roman catholic church began saturday nine days of mourning before electing a new "pope," after an emotional funeral for john paul ii attended by one million people and watched by countless others around the world. that is "why," at a time when many conservatives are disappointed in president bush for allowing the federal budget to "burgeon," gop presidential candidates mitt romney and rudolph w. giuliani have found themselves engaged in an increasingly noisy debate over their commitment to the line-item veto. gun-control advocates in the house waged a long-shot effort wednesday to block attorney general john ashcroft's plan to shorten to one day the time the government keeps background-check records of gun buyers. the central economic working "conference," which concluded here "thursday," is of great
874 """the" government of national unity cannot afford to be held hostage by the "arrogant," threatening and undisciplined behaviour of government "members,""" the party said in a statement. sporadic gunfire and bursts of artillery shells were heard friday at a palestinian refugee camp in northern "lebanon," indicating that a month-long battle between the army and the militants holed up inside the camp was not over despite an official's declaration of victory. new zealand's cricket selectors were forced to trawl the roster of walking wounded to pull together their most competitive available team for the world twenty20. chris "gabrieli," the former bessemer venture partners partner who's now running for lieutenant governor of massachusetts on the democratic "ticket," would have us believe that it's far better to be a venture capitalist than a leveraged buyout guy out on the campaign trail. hong kong's catholic leader bishop joseph zen said diplomatic ties between the vatican and china were in the "offing," but beijing must take the first step and drop its guarded approach to catholicism. in an embarrassing "setback," boeing said carriers wouldn't be able to start flying the highly touted dreamliner until the end of 2008 instead of next may as originally scheduled. most carriers won't see the plane until 2009 or "later," boeing said. baseball umpires dropped their grievance wednesday when the commissioner's office said it wouldn't use pitch counts to evaluate umpires' performance. it says that the country should realize further industrialization by developing the information industry; give greater boost to agriculture so as to increase
875 winnie mandela only heard of her sacking from her government post after president nelson mandela had announced it at a press conference "here," her private "secretary," alan "reynolds," said monday. antoni gaudi's sagrada familia "church," an unfinished barcelona landmark that is considered a marvel of modern "architecture," has lacked a construction permit for more than a "century," city officials acknowledged friday. jacques "lemaire," a hall of fame player and long-time national hockey league "coach," has stepped down as the bench boss of the new jersey devils. there are three ways a chef can learn: by "traveling," cooking with other chefs and reading. the first two are the most important. iranian president mohammad khatami has """strongly" "denied""" israeli media reports that he shook hands with israeli president moshe katzav and spoke with him at pope john paul ii's funeral at the "vatican," the official iranian news agency irna reported saturday. a washington post article on former congressman harold ford jr.'s proposal of marriage to emily threlkeld in "paris," incorrectly referred to the hotel where he proposed as the ritz-carlton. it is the hotel ritz. after a delayed "start," the nba free agent market opened wednesday with chris webber reportedly deciding to stay with the sacramento kings. the philippine government is hoping that the political "opposition," in seeking the resignation of president joseph "estrada," will be decent enough not to encourage the people to participate in illegal "acts," a senior official said thursday.              
876 a leader of the rightwing "opposition," former defence minister ariel "sharon," vowed monday to quadruple the number of israeli settlers in palestinian territories if the likud party comes to power next year. an australian production company has apologized to mexico for a segment of a """big" "brother""" reality program that showed people throwing liquid-filled balloons at a mexican flag and poking fun at mexicans. new videos produced by al-qaeda in yemen show accused underwear bomber umar farouk abdulmutallab and others in firing practice taking aim at a jewish "star," a british flag and the letters "un," abc television reported monday. bernard j. "ebbers," the executive who built worldcom inc. into a telecommunications "giant," has resigned as chief executive and president. the head of a us agency charged with providing post-september 11 security for commercial airlines has abruptly resigned in the wake of charges that despite a massive overhaul of security "procedures," us carriers remained vulnerable to terrorist attack. a washington post article on former congressman harold ford jr.'s proposal of marriage to emily threlkeld in "paris," incorrectly referred to the hotel where he proposed as the ritz-carlton. it is the hotel ritz. state officials closed all major roads into the city wednesday after a freight train carrying hazardous materials derailed in a downtown tunnel and caught fire. malaysia thursday welcomed the asian version of the davos world economic forum proposed by china to forge a closer economic network in the asia pacific region.            
877 taiwanese president lee teng-hui may cancel his planned trip to israel during his middle east tour because of concerns reportedly expressed by israel that it might antagonise "china," an official said monday. total worldwide mergers and acquisitions rose 53 percent to us$2.5 trillion (euro1.9 trillion) in the first half of the "year," according to data published by thomson financial on friday. the us dollar fell against the euro on monday as a multi-billion-dollar greek rescue package from the european union and the international monetary fund look more likely. the drunken. the drugged. the drowsy. ginger watson puts them behind the wheel of her chevy malibu every day and then sets them loose in traffic. ``you have to see people falling asleep behind the wheel of a "car,''" watson says gleefully. baghdad was on a knife's edge saturday as tens of thousands of shiites converged on the centre of the iraqi capital for an anti-us protest to mark two years since the city fell to coalition troops. q. are all usb flash drives created equal? is $17  a reasonable price for a two-gigabyte "drive," or should i pay more for a name-brand model? the baltimore orioles were forced to postpone wednesday night's game against the texas rangers because of a train derailment in the vicinity of camden yards. the revival of zimbabwe's economy will largely depend on the commitment of zimbabweans before foreign institutions come on to the "arena," the herald thursday quoted a senior official as saying.        
878 nigeria's catholic bishops have called on the military government to """exercise" magnanimity and "leniency""" towards the instigators of a recent aborted coup. daimlerchrysler ag said friday that it has recalled "1,650" of its revamped smart fortwo microcars that were sold in europe because of reports of a possible problem with its steering. embattled goldman sachs boss lloyd blankfein will tell lawmakers it did not bet on the collapse of the housing market when he is dragged over the coals by a senate investigation panel on tuesday. the drunken. the drugged. the drowsy. ginger watson puts them behind the wheel of her chevy malibu every day and then sets them loose in traffic. ``you have to see people falling asleep behind the wheel of a "car,''" watson says gleefully. a roadside bombing killed 15 iraqi soldiers and wounded several others saturday morning in "latifiyah," 40 kilometres (30 miles) south of "baghdad," a defense ministry official said. "and," "presumably," harder to lose -- retrofitted designs of seattle offers vinyl "lapschticks," which easily adhere to the top and just as easily peel off. florida marlins manager tony perez was ejected in the fourth inning wednesday night during a dispute over a play that even confused the umpires. tanzanian president benjamin mkapa has underscored tanzania's support for the palestinians in their efforts to build a free nation with identified geographical "boundaries," local newspapers reported thursday.                        
879 macedonian riot police backed by light tanks monday ended a four-day uprising by 400 prison inmates without causing "casualties," the prison director said. a company that sent a termination letter to an indiana national guardsman serving in iraq has retracted it and apologized to his family. us president barack obama expressed concern about the killings of journalists and civic activists in honduras on "monday," in his first telephone call with honduran president porfirio lobo. the wines of priorat are not for the faint of heart. tucked away in the mountains west of "barcelona," priorat's tiny vineyards turn out some of the most "powerful," intense wines in the world. a decade ago hardly anyone had heard of "priorat," much less sampled any of the japan's isuzu motors co. ltd. will start exporting small trucks to mexico in october as a bilateral free trade pact reduces "tariffs," a report said saturday. tall and "gangly," his hairline edging toward the back of his "head," the man on stage in khakis and shirt sleeves spoke woodenly despite the energy and friendliness evident in his audience of well-off egyptian college students and recent graduates. chris "webber," the biggest prize in the nba's free agent "sweepstakes," will re-sign with the sacramento "kings," the sacramento bee reported. shannon macmillan scored six "goals," including five in the second "half," as the united states team beat the world all-stars team 14-12 in an exhibition indoor soccer match in san diego on wednesday night.           
880 saudi arabia has lifted a ban on jordanian and palestinian workers bringing in their families that dates back to the 1990-1991 gulf "crisis," informed sources here said friday. shimon peres seized a commanding lead wednesday in the first round of voting for israel's "president," prompting his two rivals to withdraw from the race and leave the field wide open to the country's elder statesman. a huge of ash from an icelandic volcano covered northern europe on "thursday," forcing the closure of vast swathes of international airspace and the cancellation of thousands of flights. it took only one "morning," sept. "11," to change the image of ferry service from a pleasant anachronism to a sensible and urgently needed means of mass transit. with tunnels "crippled," roads blocked and bridges "closed," tens of thousands of workers and residents moved on a nimble fleet over demonstrations on either side of the divide in ivory coast called respectively saturday for french peacekeeping forces to leave the country and stay on after their mandate expires next month. inside the chandeliered party hall of an upscale "hotel," with its canopies of balloons and sparkly "lights," three video cameramen and two photographers jostled like paparazzi to get a glimpse of the guest of honor. federated department stores "inc.," dogged by sluggish sales stemming from the weak "economy," reduced its second-quarter earnings estimates by more than one-third on thursday and said earnings for the year also will be below expectations. a surge in key blue chips and the continuing rise of the resources
881 germany's steffi graf moved within just one point of spain's arantxa sanchez in the battle for world number-one status after winning the lipton championships at the weekend. the milan stock exchange board of directors approved a proposal friday from the london stock exchange for a "collaboration," a person close to the discussions said. sixteen leading us food companies have joined a health initiative to reduce salt levels in restaurants and meals by 25 percent by "2014," new york mayor michael bloomberg announced monday. the united states opens its doors each year to a limited number of foreign nationals fleeing "persecution," but the door closed after sept. 11 and it has opened only slightly in the last few months. britain's prince charles faced embarassment and opprobrium as he awoke saturday on his wedding day to photographs of him shaking hands with zimbabwean leader robert mugabe during friday's funeral of pope john paul ii. """milarepa:" "magician," "murderer," "saint,""" a picturesque fable filmed in the mountains of northern "india," shows us how most -- if not all -- roads to spiritual enlightenment are paved with suffering. roger cedeno couldn't quite win the opener with his "legs," but he homered twice and drove in six runs in the second game to give the detroit tigers a split of a day-night doubleheader with a 4-dec win over the new york yankees on wednesday night. a thai trade "exhibition," organized by the department of export promotion of the thai commerce "ministry," was inaugurated here thursday.      
882 two british opposition labour mps arrived monday in "diyarbakir," southern "turkey," en route to northern "iraq," and are expected to meet officials from the opposition iraqi national congress (inc). nine caskets lined the front of an arena friday as thousands of firefighters from across the "u.s.," their hats in their hands as bagpipes "played," honored nine colleagues who died battling a furniture store blaze in charleston. us secretary of state hillary clinton on monday signed an order extraditing panama's former strongman manuel noriega to "france," where he is wanted for money "laundering," a us official said. thousands of airline pilots could become federal law enforcement officers under a new bill pushed by rep. don "young," "r-alaska," chairman of the house transportation committee. pope john paul ii's successor is unlikely to push for radical doctrinal changes in the roman catholic religion despite growing secularist pressure from the "west," a religious expert in the philippines said saturday. queen latifah became one of rap's first female stars in 1989 with her debut "album," """all" hail the "queen,""" and its classic "single," """ladies" "first.""" since "then," she has become a one-woman entertainment conglomerate with a powerful presence not only in "music," but in "movies," "television," "fashion," cosmetics and vladimir guerrero hit his second home run of the "game," connecting with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning wednesday night to lift the montreal expos over the philadelphia phillies 7-6. a team of senior sri lankan officials are to visit india to seek the release of more than
883 striking baseball players could be on the verge of a legal victory that would end their 7 1/2-month walkout and force club owners to lock them "out," shut down the sport or risk financial ruin. look around the kitchen of filippo la mantia's hip restaurant in downtown rome and you'll see "oranges," leaves of fresh "basil," olive oil. but no garlic. us stocks were mixed "monday," with the dow keeping momentum from an eight-week- old rally amid upbeat earnings from bellwether stock caterpillar and optimism over an aid plan for greece that buoyed global markets. watching a woody allen film nowadays _ especially a movie like his newest "comedy," ``hollywood "ending,''" in which the director is also the star _ is like settling down with a plate heaped with comfort food. the meat "loaf," mashed potatoes and string beans may be reasonably tasty and israeli police were out in force saturday in jerusalem's old "city," a day ahead of a banned protest by jewish extremists at a holy site that could inflame the palestinians and shatter a fragile ceasefire. deputy district attorney andre manssourian said thursday that he gave the artist a list of options that are available to defendants ordered to perform community service. the name of the park where he will be working is not being released to prevent "disruptions," manssourian said. he will be part jeff bagwell hit for the "cycle," homering and doubling in an eight-run fifth inning as the houston astros outslugged st. louis 17-11 wednesday night in the highest-scoring
884 jacques "medecin," former mayor of nice and once the uncrowned king of the french "riviera," goes on trial wednesday for the first time over allegations of multi-million dollar corruption which forced him to flee to south america. sven-goran eriksson is being urged to make a quick decision on whether he wants to become manchester city's manager under proposed new owner thaksin shinawatra. three other coaches are being considered for the job. the wall street journal unveiled a new york edition of the newspaper on monday as it seeks to battle the new york times for readers and advertising dollars on its home turf. contaminated "burritos," "strawberries," spaghetti and other foods on school lunch trays are posing an increasing health risk to "students," a congressional investigator told a joint house-senate panel tuesday. worries over public safety topped economic concerns for the first time in seven "years," a government survey released saturday said. the turkish government warned thursday that a congressional committee vote labeling the mass killings of armenians during the ottoman empire as genocide will """endanger" "relations""" with the united states. cuba's national museum of fine arts reopened wednesday after a rehabilitation of the three-building "complex," which houses nearly "50,000" works dating back to the island's spanish colonization. colombian president andres pastrana and his venezuelan "counterpart," hugo "chavez," will meet in mexico city next friday in an effort to mend fences between the two andean neighbors.                    
885 the israeli parliament defeated monday a right-wing opposition censure motion against the government following a minister's statement forecasting the emergence of a palestinian state. a company that sent a termination letter to an indiana national guardsman serving in iraq has retracted it and apologized to his family. famed spanish restaurant elbulli lost its crown as the world's best in an international poll monday after four years at the "top," beaten to the number one spot by rising star noma in copenhagen. the metropolitan opera commissioned john harbison's opera ``the great gatsby'' to celebrate the 25th anniversary of james levine's company debut. "naturally," "levine," who conducted the premiere in december "1999," has strong attachments to the work. government forces continued to hunt down rebels from the minority zaidi community in mountains of northwest yemen saturday following fierce clashes that have left over 200 people dead in less than a fortnight. u.s. defense secretary robert m. "gates," meeting his british counterpart for the fifth time since taking office last "december," said britain's decision to withdraw its forces from basra was directly coordinated with army gen. david h. "petraeus," the u.s. officer who commands allied troops in iraq. thunderstorms dumped up to 6 inches of rain on parts of southwestern "ohio," killing a man and his daughter and knocking out power to "26,000" customers. the report quoted american airlines spokeswoman karen watson as saying that the "plane," which was carrying 66 "people," landed safely at the airport wednesday night.         
886 egyptian judges have the huge task wednesday of deciding whether hit films must toe the line of religious orthodoxy when they rule on a banned film by the country's best-known producer yussef shahin. american attack helicopters fired on al-qaida militants trying to slip past an iraqi checkpoint on "friday," killing 17 of them in the fourth day of an offensive to oust the fighters entrenched in this city an hour's drive north of baghdad. brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva monday said south america's biggest trade bloc and the caribbean looked on track to be able to sign a free trade deal in the future. we were on a vineyard-covered "mountain," clawing our way up a dirt track in a ford pickup. ``it's taken me two years to build these "roads,''" josep lluis "perez," the owner of clos "martinet," said. several hundred chinese protesters hurled rocks into the windows of a japanese restaurant in beijing and insulted workers on saturday as part of a protest against japan's handling of its wartime past. although he's all but unknown in this "country," french attorney verge s is familiar in europe for defending the "indefensible," for serving as the lawyer for those whom "society," with "reason," considers to be monsters: notorious terrorist carlos the "jackal," khmer rouge leader and architect of genocide pol "pot," prosecutors were preparing to charge a u.s. air force sergeant on thursday with raping a japanese woman on okinawa in a case that has strained relations between japan and the united states. the
887 the united states and south korea have worked out problems concerning us access to the south korean telecommunications "market," the us trade representative's office said monday. authorities have broken up a multinational criminal gang that swiped banking information from atms and manufactured false bank "cards," netting some "us$95,000," officials said friday. the iconic hollywood sign overlooking los angeles has been saved from development after playboy mogul hugh hefner stepped in with a "900,000-dollar" "donation," activists said monday. shares of edison "schools," the nation's largest for-profit operator of public "schools," halted a weeklong slide tuesday that had eroded more than half the stock's value. roman catholic cardinals saturday convened their first meeting after the emotional ritual of john paul ii's "funeral," as the vatican machinery rumbled on and the focus shifted to his succession. only this: blackwater is what america wanted. even if few americans had ever heard of the company until "recently," most voters generally have supported the decadeslong bipartisan trend toward government "downsizing," """reinvention""" and outright privatization. founded in 1997 and first funded by the clinton "administration," "blackwater," for better or republican supporters of campaign finance legislation urged house speaker dennis hastert to give them a vote on their bill while their democratic allies prepared a petition drive to force a house vote. the international amateur athletic federation (iaaf) has been looking at modifying rules and a new electronic monitoring system for race walking.                    
888 one year after media tycoon silvio "berlusconi," a political "novice," won italy's general "election," political life is becoming aggressively polarised between left and right as they give no quarter in the fight for the middle ground which used to be dominant. much of southeastern europe baked in record hot temperatures friday and electricity resources were being stretched to cover heightened demand during the summer's first major heat wave. one of the best ways brazilians can stave off chronic illness is to engage regularly in physical "exercise," especially "sex," health minister jose gomes temporao said monday. a u.s. bankruptcy court judge has approved a plan for the dee howard aircraft maintenance to sell its assets to vision technologies aerospace for $14.20  million. tibet's exiled spiritual leader the dalai lama called saturday for the abolition of the death penalty and a revamp of centuries of academic-centered thinking on education to build a more """warm-hearted""" world. excerpts from a recent washington post online reader chat with presidential candidate sam "brownback," a two-term republican senator from kansas. tom glavine made another stingy start in one of his favorite ballparks and keith lockhart hit a three-run homer wednesday night that sent the atlanta braves to a rain-shortened 1-mar victory over the cincinnati reds. sepp "blatter," the president of soccer's governing body "fifa," arrived here on wednesday to explore the possibility of developing interest in soccer on this baseball- crazy island country.                   
889 despite four years of civil "war," sierra leone's revolutionary united front is an enigma whose political aims remain vague and ambiguous. when the smashing pumpkins reunited after seven years to plan a u.s. concert "series," they made a surprising choice for their first shows: a small club in the mountains of north carolina. president omar "al-beshir," who is wanted by the international criminal "court," was on monday declared winner of sudan's first multi-party presidential election in more than two decades. valero energy "corp.," the nation's largest independent oil "refiner," reported its first quarterly loss in two and a half years. saturday's marriage of prince charles and camilla parker bowles might be a high-profile "event," but it looked set to come second in the popularity stakes to another wedding -- on a television soap opera. it's about 30 years "later," and she's hardly aged a day. how does she do it? by sheer force of "fantasy," apparently -- the same force that has led director shekhar kapur to give us queen elizabeth as a cross between joan of arc and joan "crawford," sir walter jim thome hit a three-run homer to key a five-run fourth "inning," and roberto alomar added a two-run shot as the cleveland indians beat the chicago white sox 4-sep wednesday night. china will build a museum to house some "300,000" rare cultural artifacts to be unearthed from the dam area of the gigantic three gorges project.                
890 palestinian leader yasser arafat has invited hardline syria-based palestinians opposed to the peace process to settle in the autonomous gaza "strip," arafat's spokesman said monday. nasa managers said they plan to land the space shuttle atlantis safely "friday," but the weather would determine the time and location. an ohio man appeared in court monday after he showed up at a local airport armed with a gun hoping to see barack obama as the us president flew out on air force one. president pervez musharraf appeared to get what he wanted tuesday: overwhelming voter approval in a one-candidate election to lead the country for five more years. but musharraf's critics called the ballot a sham and demanded his resignation. several hundred chinese protesters hurled rocks into the windows of a japanese restaurant in beijing and insulted workers on saturday as part of a protest against japan's handling of its wartime past. """we" own the "night""" reunites """the" yards' """" joaquin phoenix and mark wahlberg as brothers whose chosen vocations come into conflict. phoenix plays bobby green (born "grusinsky)," a brooklyn club manager who likes to put some distance between himself and his familial ties to the nypd by using his president bush was not making a concession to havana when he decided not to enforce a law that lets u.s. citizens sue cuban owners of property that was seized from "americans," a leading cuban lawmaker said wednesday. the professor said that anthrax bacillus can easily attack vegetarian animals and kill them within two to three days.
891 sept 7 finland 0 scotland 2 (d shearer "29," j collins "66)," faroe islands 1 (apostolakis 90og) greece 5 (saravakos "1," tsalouhidis "18," "90," alexandris "61," "87)," oct 12 scotland 5 (mcginley "4," "61," booth "34," collins "40," 71) faroe islands 1 (muller "75)," greece 4 (marcos "23," batista u.s. economic activity should pick up for the rest of 2007 and into next year as the drag from a decline in the housing market "dissipates," the international monetary fund said friday. chile won the right monday to host the largest-ever "telescope," the munich-based european southern observatory (eso) "said," calling the planned facility """the" world's biggest eye in the "sky""." researchers have discovered the likely cause of heart damage suffered by some breast cancer patients taking the promising new drug "herceptin," raising the possibility that treatments could be designed to ameliorate the potentially dangerous side effect. britain's prince charles and his bride-to-be camilla parker bowles left windsor castle on saturday for the town hall where they were to be married. the u.n. envoy for "darfur," jan "eliasson," met thursday with warring rebel groups that have launched recent attacks in "darfur," asking them to end the bloodshed and agree to a ceasefire for oct. 27 talks. president bush has signed into law a special measure that gives maureen reagan's adopted daughter _ a 16-year-old girl from uganda _ permanent residency in the united states. "rolls-royce," a global company providing power on "land," sea and "air," announced thursday it handed over the first pegasus mk107 engine to the
892 "germany," with old rivals boris becker and michael stich back "together," travel to utrecht to face an awkward tie against the netherlands led by big-serving giant richard krajicek. blackstone group shares spiked more than 20 percent friday as investors scrambled for a piece of the sixth-richest initial public offering in u.s. history. the un's top humanitarian "official," john "holmes," arrived monday in niger to alert world attention to a food crisis that has struck eight million people in the poor west african country. atlanta - already enjoying a status just below the lpga's four "majors," atlanta's $1.25  million chick-fil-a charity championship could take another credibility jump and become a 72-hole event as early as 2004 mystery on saturday surrounded a reported handshake between the presidents of arch-foes israel and iran as iranian president mohammad khatami vehemently denied that any such meeting had taken place. "lessing," who is best known for her 1962 trailblazing "work," """the" golden "notebook,""" has probed human psychological experience and """subjected" a divided civilization to "scrutiny,""" said the swedish academy in its award statement. but while lessing's writings have been an inspiration to "feminists," she has gone out of her chris "webber," the biggest prize in the nba's free agent "sweepstakes," will re-sign with the sacramento "kings," his agent said. a change in sexual behavior backed by national comprehensive "prevention," treatment and development efforts and international aid can help the country overcome the "menace," the united nations development program (undp) said in a report entitled towards an aids-free generation.   
893 an american senator has said the us government is unlikely to pay compensation to marshall islanders for the troubles they underwent during world war ii and that they should keep asking japan instead. iran is ready to provide answers on past suspicious nuclear activities to the international atomic energy agency within the next few "months," the agency's head said friday after meeting with tehran's top nuclear negotiator. juventus legend alessandro del piero insisted his team can still finish fourth despite trailing sampdoria by six points with just three games to play. every time you munch on a tortilla chip this "weekend," throw down a shot of tequila or listen to a mariachi "group," think of me and my family. the saudi interior ministry confirmed saturday that security forces killed saud "al-otaibi," described as al-qaeda's chief in the "kingdom," and moroccan abdel karim "al-mejati," suspected mastermind of the madrid train "bombings," during clashes this week. """i'm" huge into "golf,""" he said friday. """so" they made me an ankle that will allow me to follow "through.""" a remotely operated vehicle has been lowered "2,000" feet into the pacific ocean as part of an effort to recover bodies and other items from a japanese fishing vessel sunk by a u.s. navy submarine in february. china's top pair shen xue and zhao hongbo proved friday they are one of the best duo in the world as the world silver medallists won the pair title at the nhk trophy figure skating competition in "asahikawa," japan.     
894 the philippine military flight ordered to take filipina maids home from singapore in the wake of a compatriot's execution has been delayed because few maids have accepted the "offer," filipino officials said tuesday. u.n. peacekeepers on friday honored a jordanian colleague who died in a car crash while patrolling a slum near the haitian capital. the african union commission praised on monday sudan's peaceful elections and said it hoped sudan would face key decision-making with "wisdom," after omar al- beshir was re-elected president. twelve months into a "five-year," $4.80  billion effort to identify the most promising technologies for a safer and cheaper "successor," the team has identified 15 concepts for a replacement. the wedding of britain's princes charles to his long-term partner camilla parker bowles stirred republican interest here saturday with new calls for an australian head of state. an internet business based in st. petersburg has become a world hub for web sites devoted to child "pornography," spamming and identity "theft," according to computer security experts. they say russian authorities have provided little help in efforts to shut down the company. newly positioned israeli tanks and military vehicles kept watch thursday on two west bank "towns," while palestinians voiced skepticism of israel's assurances it was not building up for an invasion of palestinian areas. apolo anton ohno of the united states beat four-time world champion marc gagnon of canada to win the men's "1,500" meters at the short-track speed skating world cup competition in "nobeyama," japan on friday.      
895 but he will not be under contract for three months from the beginning of may - which would allow him to coach wales in the world cup without breaching amateur regulations. the average american man has sex with seven women during his "lifetime," compared to four male sexual partners for the average "woman," according to a new federal survey that used high-tech methods to solicit candid answers on sexual activity and illegal drug use. russian police have arrested seven youths for painting nazi swastikas and hitler quotes on the historic pavlovsk palace complex outside saint "petersburg," a palace official said on monday. bush used the visit to the heart of the economically hard hit silicon valley both to raise more money for gop gubernatorial candidate bill simon "jr.," and to deliver a message that his advisers believe will soften the republican image here. the husband of princess caroline of "monaco," prince ernst august of "hanover," on saturday remained in intensive care in a monaco hospital suffering from an inflamed "pancreas," amid preparations to bury his father-in-law prince rainier. the los angeles district attorney's office on friday opposed a habeas corpus petition by a one-time r&b star who contends he was wrongly convicted of a 1993 arson murder. a fire that broke out in a downtown tunnel when a train carrying hazardous chemicals derailed continued to burn early thursday as firefighters braved searing flames and billowing smoke that hovered over the city. visitor arrivals in the hong kong special administrative region from january to october 2000
896 the leaders of algeria's banned islamic salvation front "(fis)," abassi madani and ali "belhadj," have been moved to separate places of confinement outside the "capital," the arabic-language daily al-hayat reported tuesday. german chancellor angela merkel struggled friday to cajole poland into embracing plans for a new eu treaty to replace the landmark draft constitution that failed to win unanimous ratification two years ago. eu foreign ministers were set to agree monday the broad outline of a new diplomatic service aimed at giving europe a stronger voice on the global "stage," though some tough hurdles remain. almost a third of kansas restaurants did not get required yearly inspections in "2001," and others with persistent sanitation problems operated without fear of a "fine," an audit released tuesday shows. israeli soldiers killed three palestinian teenagers on saturday as police deployed in force in jerusalem's old "city," a day ahead of a banned protest by jewish extremists at a holy site. erik prince bounded up the stairs of a sand-colored building and paused on the flat "roof," a high point of the "7,000-acre" facility in north carolina known as blackwater lodge and training center. seeking to end a long separatist war in a region rich in oil and "gas," indonesia's parliament thursday passed a bill granting sweeping autonomy to the aceh province. senior police officers from china 's inland areas and the macao special administrative region (sar) agreed here friday that they will strengthen cooperation and ensure good public order.         
897 aum supreme "truth," the cult being probed in connection with the march 20 nerve-gas attack on the tokyo "subway," targetted brilliant misfits from the intelligentsia in its relentless drive for recruits. letters from survivors of the titanic and a deck log from one of the ships that searched for its ill-fated passengers are just some of the items for sale at an upcoming auction of oceanliner memorabilia. southern sudanese on monday hailed the election of secessionist former rebel leader salva kiir as their regional president as a step forward on the road to independence from khartoum. the majority of the kansas city operations of business men's assurance co. of america are being sold to a canadian financial services giant for $220  "million," the companies announced tuesday. west indies were 347 all out off 104.4 overs early on the second day of the second test against south africa at the queen's park oval here on saturday. in august "2006," edwina mccombs of "nashville," "tenn.," was visiting southern california with her "daughters," who were 8 and 9 at the time. asian stocks closed mixed "thursday," with tokyo prices showing a modest gain but hong kong's market falling on a gloomy economic assessment from the u.s. federal reserve chief. israeli prime minister ehud barak is reconsidering his objection to scrapping the current two- ballot vote system and ending the direct election for "premiership," israel radio reported.                      
898 a seminar is to be held in the ghanaian capital accra on tuesday to raise 737 million cedis (around "700,000" dollars) to help people displaced by ethic bloodshed in the "north-east," state radio said. after a spat between two of the world's largest internet "companies," online auctioneer ebay inc. said friday it would resume running advertising through google inc. the international criminal court said monday it had rejected a new prosecution attempt to bring darfur rebel chief bahar idriss abu garda to trial for the killing of 12 african union soldiers. the islanders' delightful turnaround season finally ended tuesday night in a 2-apr loss to the maple leafs in game 7 of their opening-round playoff series. three palestinian teenagers were killed by israeli army gunfire in the gaza strip town of rafah on "saturday," provoking mortar attacks against israeli targets in the south of the "territory," the military said. one thing that ismael "matos," "23," says he's learned on his job as a special agent with the geek "squad," a 24-hour computer support "service," is that there are no stupid questions. the u.s. trade deficit narrowed considerably in "may," hitting its lowest point in 16 months as americans cut back on purchases of a variety of foreign-made goods from telecommunications equipment to toys. exports rose. washington has expressed reservations about prime minister ehud barak's new plan for a """" phased peace "agreement""" with the "palestinians," israel radio reported friday.                
899 the israeli army is prepared to withdraw in stages from seven towns on the occupied west bank to allow for self-rule to be "extended," a newspaper reported tuesday. struggling auto parts maker delphi corp. reached a tentative wage-cutting agreement friday with its largest union in what may set the pattern for future pay in the u.s. automotive parts industry. a """sky" "car""" that takes visitors to the top of the 106-metre (350-foot) arch over durban's new world cup stadium has been grounded for the second time in two "months," officials said monday. british royal marines preparing for a joint operation against remnants of al-qaida and taliban forces in eastern afghanistan said on tuesday they would not hand over any prisoners they take directly into u.s. custody but will turn them over initially to the afghan government. eu trade commissioner peter mandelson said saturday the european union was ready to continue negotiations with the united states over government aid to their respective aircraft makers after they gave up on trying to find an accord by monday's "deadline," echoing the sentiments of his us counterpart. use simple language that people can "understand," says susan "daffron," president of logical expressions "inc.," a book and software publishing company in "sandpoint," idaho. the u.s. trade deficit narrowed considerably in "may," hitting its lowest point in 16 months as americans cut back on purchases of a variety of foreign-made goods from telecommunications equipment to toys. exports rose. thai stocks closed lower friday on sales in blue "chips," particularly electronics and communications
900 scientists have found a promising experimental treatment for melanoma that prevents the skin cancer from spreading to the brain and helps patients live "longer," researchers said here. despite pressure from u.s. lawmakers and president george w. "bush," vietnamese president nguyen minh triet said friday that his country does not need to improve its human rights record. singaporean film director eric khoo will be president of the jury at the locarno international film festival in switzerland later this "year," the organisers announced monday. two engines "hummed," two doors swung "open," and jerry west stood between "them," "awkwardly," "emotionally," straddling his glorious past and a strange new future. english premier league leaders chelsea saw their lead at the top cut to 11 points after they came from a goal behind to draw 1-jan against birmingham at stamford bridge on sunday. bush called the bill """an" incremental step toward (lawmakers') goal of government-run health care for every "american,""" which he said would be """the" wrong direction for our "country.""" a new round of storms hit the cincinnati "area," dropping 2 to 4 inches more rain and further swelling already overflowing streams and gullies. the benchmark straits times index (sti) edged up 2.77 points to end at "1,955.00" "points," off its initial low open of 19.68 points.                                          
901 kuwait has signed an agreement to supply 1.25 million tonnes of crude oil to south africa in "1995," officials here said tuesday. for the first "time," manufacturers of "vitamins," herbal pills and other dietary supplements sold in the u.s. will have to test all of their products' ingredients. somalia's al qaeda-inspired shebab militia monday publicly executed a man and chopped off the right hand of another in "mogadishu," witnesses and officials said. the dallas cowboys had a 42-year head start on the "texans," not to mention the entire state to themselves once the oilers bolted for tennessee after the 1996 season. portsmouth eased their relegation worries with a 2-apr win over charlton on "saturday," handing new french manager alain perrin a vital first victory to move seven points clear of the drop zone. the event came the day after rice and u.s. defense secretary robert m. gates met with president vladimir v. putin and other top russian officials in talks "that," at least in "public," had frosty overtones. russia's objection to a planned u.s. missile defense system in eastern europe was a the u.s. trade deficit narrowed considerably in "may," hitting its lowest point in 16 months as americans cut back on purchases of a variety of foreign-made goods from telecommunications equipment to toys. exports rose. south korea has decided to raise the minimum living cost for its people next "year," the health and welfare ministry said friday.                 
902 nato secretary-general willy claes is to visit turkey wednesday and thursday amid mounting concern within the atlantic alliance over ankara's invasion of northern iraq to crush kurdish rebels. a video highlighting how a pittsburgh law firm works around u.s. laws to obtain visas for foreign employees was posted on "youtube," quickly fanning the national immigration "debate," incurring the wrath of a powerful u.s. senator and drawing the department of labor into the fray. greece on monday said it would make fresh deficit cuts following emergency loan talks with the eu and the imf as investor fears of a default spiked and european leaders struggled to show solidarity. the director of the riverside church youth basketball "program," the prestigious proving ground for dozens of professional "players," has left his job amid accusations that he sexually abused a teen-age player nearly 20 years ago. didier drogba spared chelsea's blushes when he rescued a point for the english premiership leaders in a 1-jan draw with birmingham city at stamford bridge here on saturday. sen. john "mccain," "r-ariz.," in an unusually sharp "attack," pointed to romney's record of support for liberal causes -- and even for democratic political candidates -- in the past and while he was governor of massachusetts. a u.s. air force sergeant was indicted thursday in the alleged rape of a woman on okinawa _ an incident that prompted a standoff between tokyo and washington over treatment of criminal suspects in japan. indonesia posted a 1.32 percent inflation in november or higher than the figure in
903 a member of finland's biggest rock group leningrad cowboys was rushed to hospital after he was hit in the head with a beer bottle hurled onstage during a concert "here," police said tuesday. german chancellor angela merkel was struggling friday to cajole poland into embracing plans for a new eu treaty to replace the landmark draft constitution that failed to win unanimous ratification two years ago. un chief war crimes prosecutor serge brammertz arrived in bosnia on monday to prepare a semi-annual report due to be submitted to the un security council in june. when federal investigators began their study of the collapse of the twin towers in "october," they planned to evaluate exactly how structural "steel," floor "supports," fireproofing and other building components gave way in a deadly sequence of failures after hijacked jets first rammed the towers and set them on the manager of a newspaper in mexico's eastern veracruz state was shot dead late friday on the way home from "work," the daily la opinion de poza rica reported in its online edition. denver -- the rockies -- who have won 19 of 20 to reach the "playoffs," win a division series and grab a two games to zero lead in the nlcs -- were a mile high already before returning home on travel day to host game 3 against the nl special-effects workers are going bananas trying to finish director tim burton's ``planet of the apes'' remake in time for release next week. the value of indonesia's export in october this
904 an israeli gunboat on tuesday opened fire at two fishermen trying to retrieve their nets just off this southern port and within a """limit""" imposed by israel as witnesses watched helplessly from the shore. struggling auto parts maker delphi corp. reached a tentative wage-cutting agreement friday with its largest union in what may set the pattern for future pay in the u.s. automotive parts industry. us treasury secretary timothy geithner and secretary of state hillary clinton will hold an """economic" "dialogue""" in beijing on may "24-25," a us official said monday. in what some may consider an unlikely setting for a fighter training for any "fight," let alone the heavyweight championship of the "world," mike tyson is preparing here in maui for his june 8 bout in memphis with the "titleholder," lennox lewis. tyson is training in a gym not an insurgency in nepal left more than seven people dead on an average day in the country last "year," a human rights report made public saturday said. ammar hakim's appeal before hundreds of supporters gathered for prayers marking the end of the muslim holy month of ramadan came just weeks after passage of a nonbinding senate resolution calling for a devolution of power to three self-governing regions for "shiites," sunnis and kurds. the u.s. trade deficit narrowed considerably in "may," hitting its lowest point in 16 months as americans cut back on purchases of a variety of foreign-made goods from telecommunications equipment to toys. exports rose. south korean youth committed sex- related crimes three times
905 general elections in "benin," where president nicephore soglo hopes to regain control of the national "assembly," got off to a slow start on tuesday. colombia's first quarter economy grew by 8.1 percent over the same period in "2006," the government said friday. it was just shy of record growth in the previous quarter. sweeping and popular us legislation to rein in wall street and prevent a repeat of the 2008 global financial meltdown faced a key test vote late monday in the sharply divided us senate. a.j. "levinson," who pressed a national campaign to improve what she called ``the quality of death'' by promoting living "wills," and who educated both professionals and the public on ways to bring dignity to "dying," died on monday at her home in new york. she was 73 britain's prince charles wedded camilla parker "bowles," the true love of his "life," on saturday in a private civil ceremony that inevitably paled against his storybook wedding to princess diana more than 20 years ago. in recent "days," about 100 members of congress and hundreds of capitol hill staffers attended two black-tie "galas," many of them as guests of corporations and lobbyists that paid as much as "$2,500 " per ticket. nokia's second-quarter net profit dropped by 16 percent despite a 10 percent rise in sales of cellular phones. it blamed slower growth in the cell phone market and economic uncertainty for the decline. flood in indonesia was reportedly spreading to "manado," a city in the country's north "sulawesi," leaving five people dead
906 the european foreign exchange market was steady and showed litle reaction to japanese press reports that the bank of japan might cut interest rates next "week," early on tuesday. all banks are required to watch out for terrorist "financiers," drug lords and money launderers -- but for small banks that can be a big burden. vhs tapes and walkmans may have been firmly cast into oblivion but another 1980s "invention," the post-it "note," is marking its 30th anniversary this month as popular as ever. lenore patricia kroh "freudenheim," a flower arranging expert and author of four books on the "subject," died on april 26 in longboat "key," fla. she was 97 and lived in longboat key. confetti and cheers greeted britain's prince charles and his new bride camilla after their wedding in windsor on saturday as they shook hands with and chatted to hundreds of fans. pentagon investigators thought they had discovered a major shipment of contraband when they intercepted parts for f-14 tomcat warplanes headed to "iran," via "fedex," from southern california. under u.s. sanctions since its 1979 "revolution," tehran had been trying for years to illegally obtain spare parts for the "fighters," which an exhibition of works by friedl "dicker-brandeis," a student of germany's bauhaus school who tutored jewish children at a concentration "camp," opened in the city where she began a career cut short by the nazis. the democratic people's republic of korea friday condemned japan for trying to raise the status of the defense agency to the level of a ministry.
907 president fidel ramos is to appeal for clemency for a filipino worker sentenced to die by firing squad in the united arab emirates for "murder," sources at the philippine foreign office said tuesday. blackstone group shares rose 13 percent in their stock market debut "friday," as investors scrambled for a piece of the sixth-richest initial public offering in u.s. history. a muslim butcher who could be stripped of his french passport over allegations of polygamy hit back on "monday," insisting that he had not broken the law. there's something about the kentucky derby. to the great sportswriter david "alexander," the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. to william "faulkner," the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. to john "steinbeck," it league leaders lyon were held to a 2-feb draw by nantes on saturday but remain on course for an unprecedented fourth successive french title. a few hours after salih saif aldin's death "sunday," his colleagues and friends -- his second "family," really -- gathered at the washington post's baghdad bureau and collected his possessions to send to his relatives in tikrit. state workers angry at a government austerity plan walked off the job shouting "insults," the vanguard of a nationwide effort to disrupt the national economy for a day. trash piled up "uncollected," public buses failed to run and government offices closed. these agencies must also have a certain amount of premium in case the legitimate rights of their
908 a vietnamese court has toughened the punishment handed down to a rogue policemen who killed two men while "drunk," stiffening his sentence from 16 years to "life," a report said tuesday. six flags and another company shut down eight more thrill rides around north american on friday after a teenage girl's feet were sliced off during a ride in kentucky. sudanese president omar al-beshir vowed a promised referendum on independence for the south will go ahead as planned in january next year after he was declared winner of a landmark national election. there's something about the kentucky derby. to the great sportswriter david "alexander," the rapture and hysteria it elicited was worthy of its own branch of psychiatry. to william "faulkner," the sheer exultation of it was so overwhelming that the ordinary world seemed hollow in contrast. to john "steinbeck," it sunderland boss mick mccarthy insisted there is no need to panic despite his championship leaders losing 1-feb at home to reading to bring to an end their eight-match winning run. nolan a. """sue""" "herndon," a member of the doolittle raiders who was held captive in the soviet union after participating in the bombing run on japan that gave americans a morale boost four months after the japanese attacked pearl "harbor," has died. he was 88 investors looking for bargains pulled stocks higher in early trading thursday. the market's tone was cautious as more "companies," while releasing second-quarter "earnings," offered little encouragement about a business improvement in the near future. as the world aids day
909 """pete" is not the "enemy," you "know,""" agassi said about the relationship between the two stars. """i" have a great amount of respect for him on a lot of levels. after a spat between two of the world's largest internet "companies," online auctioneer ebay inc. resumed running advertising through google inc. on friday. the united nations has ordered staff working in the volatile southern city of kandahar to stay "indoors," a un official said "monday," as the security situation is rapidly deteriorating. to write his new "memoir," ``the black "veil,''" rick moody had to do a lot of searching _ both metaphysical and actual. his therapist helped him obtain his records from a queens psychiatric hospital where he spent a month in 1987 after a period of alcoholism and depression. "and," winger marcus bai ran in a hat-trick of tries in the final 17 minutes as super league leaders leeds crushed london 64-6 on saturday. acting on the last batch of bills from what experts called a disappointing regular legislative "year," gov. arnold schwarzenegger on sunday signed into law a controversial increase in motorists' fees that is intended to raise millions to develop alternative fuel and clean-air technology. four-time academy award winner katharine hepburn was undergoing tests at a hospital thursday and was expected to go home in a few days. thailand's exports in october reached this year's highest monthly record of 6.17 billion u.s. "dollars," 15.6 percent more than a year "earlier," the bank of thailand said friday.      
910 nato secretary-general willy "claes," under increasing pressure to resign after being implicated in a kickbacks scandal in his native "belgium," on tuesday postponed a visit to turkey and greece for medical reasons. advocates for victims of priest sexual abuse called on u.s. republican presidential candidate rudy giuliani on friday to fire a childhood friend and priest who was hired by giuliani's security consulting business after being suspended from the clergy amid allegations he abused children. the eu hopes to send a mission to myanmar to discuss the country's upcoming elections with the "junta," amid """serious" "concerns""" that the rules are neither free nor "fair," ministers said monday. the drunken. the drugged. the drowsy. ginger watson puts them behind the wheel of her chevy malibu every day and then sets them loose in traffic. ``you have to see people falling asleep behind the wheel of a "car,''" watson says gleefully. israeli police have limited access to jerusalem's disputed al-aqsa mosque complex on sunday after jewish extremists threatened to hold a banned rally "there," said a police statement. international: iraq-contractors -- washington -- as the bush administration deals with the fallout from the recent killings of civilians by private security bus inesses in "iraq," some officials are asking whether the contractors could be considered """unlawful" "combatants""" under international agreements. "1,200" "words," by julian e. barnes (times). iraq-times the chairman of the u.s. joint chiefs of staff said thursday he was delighted that rivals india and pakistan were talking after their summit this week and urged stronger military
911 turkish troops have killed 97 turkish kurdish separatists in the last 24 hours in northern "iraq," mainly around a rebel base in "hakurk," a military spokesman said tuesday. shares of macy's inc. jumped 9 percent friday amid speculation that the department store operator was being targeted for a takeover. mauritania's ruling coalition of parties of the majority (cpm) has accused the opposition of whipping up ethnic tension after violent clashes between moor and non-moorish students. we know. you're already deep into rudolfo anaya's ``bless "me," "ultima,''" chosen by the city of austin folks overseeing the ``what if all of austin reads the same book?'' campaign. japanese foreign minister nobutaka machimura on sunday summoned china's ambassador to japan to lodge an official protest after a violent anti-japanese rally that drew up to "10,000" people in beijing. walter alexander and charles h. cashmore each had faced 10 felony charges -- including kidnapping and assault with a deadly weapon -- in connection with the alleged theft of about "$80,000 " in sports memorabilia from two collectors at the palace station hotel & casino. rep. gary condit's constituents like the job he's doing and think he should finish his "term," even though few have favorable opinions of him personally after allegations of an affair with a missing "intern," a poll shows. iran's police and basijis (volunteer forces) killed 87 armed afghan bandits and freed 60 hostages in their captivity in the past "month," the islamic republic news agency reported saturday.          
912 the loss of a 3.5 million dollar israeli satellite launched by a russian rocket was termed a """massive" "failure""" on wednesday by the project leader. a greek shipping company that manages a fleet of commercial tankers has been indicted by a u.s. virgin islands grand jury for illegally dumping waste oil in international waters and falsifying pollution logs. more than "1,000" people heeded the call of greece's civil servants' union and joined a demonstration in athens tuesday against the government's appeal to the eu and imf to rescue their debt-stricken nation. for a "company," changing names is an expensive hassle. "advertisements," "signs," business "cards," web names and more must be switched. when is the cost worth it? portugal's main opposition "party," the centre-right social democrats on sunday elected former parliamentary affairs minister luis marques mendes as their new leader less than two months after they suffered their biggest election defeat in over two decades. you might recognize amy ryan from her turns on "tv," where she's been a regular on hbo's """the" "wire""" and a&e's """100" centre "street.""" she's also had roles in such films as """keane""" and """capote.""" look for her in the upcoming """before" the devil knows you're "dead""" and """dan" al unser jr. offered a guide for stock car fans not quite sure what to expect from the first indy-style race in tennessee. jordan aviation (ja) has decided to cut the ticket prices for potentially lucrative flights between amman and the iraqi capital of "baghdad," aviation sources said on monday.  
913 the london stock market was virtually breaking even ate the noon-hour on wednesday as the footsie index stood at "3,127.40" "points," down a mere 0.9 points by comparison with the tuesday close. treasury chief gordon brown replaces tony blair as leader of the governing labour party on "sunday," days before he is scheduled to take over as british prime minister after a decade in waiting. germany """will" not let greece "fall""" and is working to secure financial aid for the troubled eurozone "economy," germany's finance minister said in an interview due to appear on wednesday. a senior at union "college," derek mccowan lives in an apartment off campus. it has a fully furnished "kitchen," which until two months ago was about as familiar to mccowan as the inside of a spaceship. the leaders of the czech republic's three ruling coalition parties opened talks sunday on forming a new government without prime minister stanislav gross. "still," """control""" keeps you riveted in ways that """24" hour party "people""" "doesn't," primarily because of the investment of craft and conviction by all concerned. as deborah "curtis," the woman who marries "ian," bears his child and suffers his fame almost as much as he "does," samantha morton again citing an increasingly challenging "market," bethlehem steel said thursday it has more than doubled the number of salaried positions to be cut under a restructuring plan announced in may. the composite index on the shanghai stock exchange closed at "2,092.13" points "monday," up 10.29 points from the last close.   
914 shopowners slammed down their shutters wednesday as a general strike by "700,000" shopworkers and tradesmen hit home with """one-hundred" "percent""" "support," union sources said. parliament's two sunni arab blocs threatened saturday to boycott the 275-seat house if the "speaker," mahmoud "al-mashhadani," was not reinstated. thailand's embattled prime minister said he would step down if he believed he were an obstacle to his country's "stability," in a bbc interview released tuesday. when the john f. kennedy center for the performing arts opens its ambitious three-and-a-half-month season devoted to six revivals of stephen sondheim musicals on friday with ``sweeney "todd,''" there will be no escaping its ominous relevance to the state of the world at this particularly scary moment. the story israeli prime minister ariel sharon expressed outrage sunday after palestinian militants fired dozens of mortar shells overnight towards israeli settlers and troop positions in the gaza "strip," saying the attacks violated the sharm-el-sheik accords. excerpts from a recent washington post online reader chat with presidential candidate ron "paul," "r," is a 10-term u.s. representative from "texas," from 1976 to 1984 and from 1996 to present. the white house issued its second veto threat thursday on mexican trucks "legislation," the latest against a senate measure intended to be a compromise. if people can clone "themselves," how would the succession law be implemented? who will be the "heir," your offspring or another """cloned""" you?                        
915 the people of sarajevo fear renewed shelling as the tide of war turns against the "serbs," but few believe there will be a return to the nightmare days of three years ago when the siege of the city began. casey bramlet threw for 347 yards and four touchdowns as the hamburg sea devils held off the frankfurt galey 37-28 in the highest-scoring world bowl on saturday. the killer of african-american rights activist malcolm x was freed tuesday after more than four decades in the prison "system," an official said. watching a woody allen film nowadays _ especially a movie like his newest "comedy," ``hollywood "ending,''" in which the director is also the star _ is like settling down with a plate heaped with comfort food. the meat "loaf," mashed potatoes and string beans may be reasonably tasty and a former deputy head of the russian secret service "(fsb)," general anatoly "trofimov," was shot dead late sunday in "moscow," police told russian news agencies. "but," as adapted from the novel by dennis "lehane," this "brooding," somber film is also ragged around the edges and not without problematic aspects. two shadows from the past hang over "it," one affecting the kind of film it is and the other the way we perceive it. arizona reliever troy brohawn was ejected from thursday's game against san diego after he hit ryan klesko with a "pitch," causing both benches and bullpens to empty. the "1,400-year-old" beijing- hangzhou great canal is witnessing busy water traffic again as its last "reach," in
916 turkish kurd separatists are evading turkish troops by hiding in caves and bushes during the day and moving at night through canyon country in northern "iraq," villagers said wednesday. california gov. arnold schwarzenegger told u.s. mayors saturday they must take the lead in battling global warming and creating an economy based on """clean""" technology. the us federal reserve began a two-day meeting tuesday widely expected to maintain ultra-low borrowing "rates," as the need to bolster the economic recovery again trumps inflation concerns. a man indulges in a guilty pleasure. he spends about $40  a month on funny "books," mostly the superhero variety. guys in tights. daredevil. superman. vatican power-broker cardinal joseph "ratzinger," iraq terrorist leader abu mousab "al-zarqawi," and a little-known indonesian school teacher joined us president george bush and 96 others on time magazine's annual list of the 100 most influential people in the "world," the weekly announced sunday. putin's comment was made to reporters after a three-hour televised question-and-answer session with "citizens," during which putin reaffirmed that he will step down next spring. after two decades on the "run," convicted murderer ira einhorn was finally extradited from france on friday and placed on a plane to "pennsylvania," where he faces a new trial in the gruesome bludgeoning death of his girlfriend. share prices opened low and closed even lower on the taiwan stock exchange "monday," with the weighted "index," the market's key "barometer," moving down 103.33 points to close at "5,174.02," according to reports reaching here from taipei.     
917 """neo-eborcacum""" means new "york," """diurnale""" is the word for "newspaper," and """depressio" "oeconomica""" probably does not need translating -- they are from finnish national radio's weekly news broadcasts in latin. president hugo chavez ridiculed a u.s. plan to boost voice of america broadcasts to counter his influence in the region on "saturday," but also called it a new threat against venezuela from the u.s. government. inter milan coach jose mourinho claims that barcelona have become carried away with the chance of winning the champions league at the "bernabeu," the stadium of their arch-rivals real madrid. in a crucial early scene of adrian lyne's new adultery "drama," "``unfaithful,''" richard "gere," who plays edward "sumner," a well-off "businessman," husband and "father," is being visited at his manhattan office by his "wife," "connie," played by diane lane. american george hincapie took a step closer to realising his lifetime dream on sunday but the discovery channel rider was pipped at the finish line of the gruelling paris-roubaix one-day classic. two explosions early friday rocked a convoy carrying former prime minister benazir "bhutto," turning a joyous celebration of her return from self-imposed exile into a blood bath that left hundreds dead and injured. after two decades on the "run," convicted murderer ira einhorn was finally extradited from france on friday and placed on a plane to "pennsylvania," where he faces a new trial in the gruesome bludgeoning death of his girlfriend. nortel networks announced here monday that a new contract with china netcom corporation (cnc) to deliver and install an
918 syrian president hafez al-assad held talks here saturday with saudi foreign minister prince saud al-faysal who arrived on a surprise when contract talks between the u.s.-based automakers and the united auto workers formally begin next "month," bargainers for both sides already know what will be on the table: eliminating the roughly $25-an-hour (euro18.80-an-hour) labor cost gap between detroit and its japanese competitors. all air traffic at oslo "airport," norway's "biggest," was suspended at 10:00 am (0800 gmt) thursday due to clouds of ash from a volcano eruption in "iceland," its operators said in a statement. michael frayn's "characters," in both his novels and his "plays," suffer from a form of psychological "myopia," a blindered self-absorption that leads them to impose their obsessions upon the "world," with comical or devastating results for themselves and everyone around them. in his previous "novel," the smart and very us president george w. bush is to return to the white house from his texas ranch ahead of schedule sunday to sign a controversial bill being pushed through congress in an attempt to prolong the life of a brain-damaged florida "woman," his spokesman said. customers dining on surf and turf at a local restaurant may find themselves feasting on steak and a handful of breaded shrimp that took wildly disparate paths through a disjointed american food-safety system. a prominent zambian politician was shot and killed "friday," the day he was to testify in a corruption case against three government "ministers," his attorney said. wahid made the statement on wednesday following pledges
919 accused serial killer frederick "west," "53," who hanged himself in a jail cell january 1 while awaiting trial on 12 murder "charges," was cremated here wednesday. the rev. jesse jackson was arrested saturday at a demonstration outside a suburban chicago gun shop and charged with one count of criminal trespass to property. homeland security chief janet napolitano said tuesday that us justice officials have """deep" "concerns""" about a controversial new arizona law that critics fear may encourage racial profiling and other acts of discrimination. congress delivered strong bipartisan statements of support thursday for "israel," with the republican-led house and democrat-led senate tripping over each other to approve non-binding resolutions that were certain to please most jewish voters. premiership leaders chelsea have never won the european cup but they have the chance to take another giant stride towards that goal when they face four-time winners bayern munich in tuesday's champions league quarter-final at the olympic stadium. kara "walker," the celebrated african american conceptual "artist," addresses issues related to race and racism in the ugliest of terms. in a world where the presence of a hangman's noose swaying from the limb of a louisiana tree can incite "violence," lopsided prosecutorial zeal and tear-choked demands for "justice," as he prepared for his third training camp with the chicago "bears," head coach dick jauron was as low key as ever considering the task that is ahead. experts are calling for drastic measures to reduce the number of accidents that kill some "20,000" children in china every "year," china daily
920 the prosecutor in the corruption trial of jacques medecin on wednesday requested that the former nice mayor be sentenced to two years in prison and be fined at least "300,000" francs "(60,000" dollars). flying through south america's busiest airports has become frightening and time-consuming for passengers and pilots alike as a surge in travelers overwhelms underfunded air traffic control systems. the world-class reputation of germany's automakers suffered a dent tuesday as porsche recalled all panameras sold since the bold new four-door saloon was launched with fanfare in september. secretary of state colin powell made the announcement of the international conference after meeting with the other three parties thursday on how best to deal with the israeli-palestinian stand-off. indonesia is sounding out neighbouring countries on a proposed region-wide """disaster" mitigation "team,""" spurred by december's devastating "tsunami," its foreign ministry spokesman said. mercedes-benz fashion week at smashbox studios has for years been fraught with hand-wringing and head-scratching about the viability of runway shows in l.a. but this "season," all the doubt and worry was cast aside. people are embracing this local event for what it "is," and having a blast. workers brought much of argentina's business activity to a standstill with a nationwide strike "thursday," expressing disgust with spending cuts by shutting down "buses," trains and offices and leaving trash to pile up in the streets. australian prime minister john howard monday denied the country is facing a recession but conceded the country will be somewhat of slowing in economic growth.      
921 malaysian gaming conglomerate genting bhd. on wednesday reported an 18 percent rise in group pre-tax profit to 1.128 billion ringgit (451.2 million dollars) for calendar "1994," from 958.9 million ringgit last year. lady bird "johnson," widow of former president lyndon b. "johnson," remained hospitalized but is doing well while undergoing medical "tests," a family spokeswoman said. wall street stocks tumbled tuesday after a downgrade of portugal's credit rating heightened fears about contagion from the financial crisis in greece. i first came to this city when i was a "child," 9 or "10," on a morning train from "boston," with my great-aunts ruth and grace. it was just before christmas and snowing a little. i remember being floored by the scale of the "place," but i also noticed four-time european champions bayern munich look set to be fully-armed for tuesday's quarter-final champions league clash with chelsea with strike duo roy makaay and claudio pizarro recovering from minor injuries. if there was one through line for mercedes-benz fashion week's disparate streetwear offerings it would be upper-case """attitude""" -- from christian audigier's in-your-face logo wear to grey ant's textural tie-dye pattern tunics. and it makes "sense," in a city full of roadways and people who've picked up and winged attorney general john ashcroft threatened on thursday to retaliate against countries that delay or refuse to take back immigrants convicted of crimes in the united states. "islamabad," december 3 (xinhua) -- pakistan on sunday called on india to enter into tripartite talks with pakistan and kashmiri leadership to resolve
922 mozambique authorities have extended the operational mandate of the geneva-based international migration organisation (iom) by six "months," iom representative howard wilson said here wednesday. roadside bombers killed seven u.s. troops in one "day," four of them in a single blast near "baghdad," and an eighth soldier died of a non-combat cause -- raising to at least 28 the number of american soldiers killed this week. the un prosecutor for balkans war crimes called "tuesday," at a memorial to the 1995 srebrenica "massacre," for the arrest of the most-wanted "fugitive," bosnian serb ex-army chief ratko mladic. gambling on their own stock prices is not something companies often advertise they are doing. but for some "companies," particularly technology "companies," it was a popular strategy in the 1990s. now it is coming back to haunt them. the costs are not showing up in financial "statements," but they australia's major frustrations at the masters continued here sunday as the jinx of no aussie golfer having won the green jacket was extended despite a solid showing from two masters debutants. -- kurds. u.s. policies toward iraq over the last 16 years have been a disaster for turkey. since the 1991 persian gulf "war," the iraqi kurds have gained ever-greater autonomy and are on the brink of de facto independence. such a kurdish entity in iraq stimulates kurdish separatism inside astronauts struggled with more air leaks aboard the international space station on "thursday," this time inside the newly attached portal for spacewalkers. myanmar's foreign "trade," including the border "trade," totaled 2.611
923 malaysian authorities were preparing on wednesday to punish a multi- national air-conditioner firm for illegally dumping hydraulic "oil," the second company to come under fire for dumping hazardous waste in the past week. carmakers must take the lead in reducing carbon dioxide emissions to fight global "warming," but one industry alone cannot solve the "problem," the chief of renault and nissan said sunday. ratings agency standard & poor's on tuesday downgraded greece's sovereign debt to junk status as the eurozone nation warned it needed an urgent bailout to remain solvent. one of the most thorough reports ever produced on protecting children from internet pornography has concluded that neither tougher laws nor new technology alone can solve the problem. kidnappers have seized a pakistani embassy official in "baghdad," the latest victim of the spate of hostage-taking in iraq's "insurgency," as ex-prime minister iyad allawi's political bloc said it would join a national unity government. joining a noble tradition of fine muckraking documentaries about where cheap stuff comes "from," """king" "corn""" pulls the husk off the scandal of modern food "production," specifically the "industrialized," "subsidized," largely mythologized world of american corn. an assistant u.s. attorney has been charged with lewdness for allegedly exposing her breasts and mooning neighbors on the street outside their home. more than 150 italian cities banned cars from the streets on sunday in a bid to cut pollution levels and boost environmental awareness.                    
924 blue-chip stocks reached a new record high on wall street "wednesday," propelled by an easing of long-term interest rates following news of a 14 percent plunge in new home sales for february. the winner of a rusted 1957 plymouth belvedere that was unearthed last week from a leaky vault in died in "1979," and the ownership of the car will pass to his closest living relatives. dynamo moscow have announced the appointment of serbian miodrag bozovic as their new head coach following the sacking of andrei kobelev on tuesday. novartis "ag," the giant swiss drug "company," is expected to announce tuesday that it is leasing as much as "500,000" square feet of research and development space in "cambridge," "mass.," in the shadow of the massachusetts institute of "technology," according to several real estate and government sources. former national football league player al "lucas," "26," died sunday of a presumed spinal cord injury suffered during an arena football league "game," his team in the indoor gridiron league confirmed. excerpts from a recent washington post online reader chat with presidential candidate dennis "kucinich," "d," a six-term representative from ohio. the u.s. polo association has filed a $100  million lawsuit against fashion designer ralph lauren for allegedly using a campaign of intimidation to sink the association's apparel line. the albanian government has set up special prizes for brave police officers who get injured or give their lives when carrying out their "duties," including fighting against criminals.            
925 austrian finance minister ferdinand lacina has resigned in the wake of sharp union criticism of his budget austerity "plan," chancellor franz vranitzky announced in vienna on wednesday. guard becky hammon scored 20 points to lead the san antonio silver stars past the connecticut sun 71-58 in the wnba on saturday. another candidate for britain's may 6 general election has been "suspended," this time for making a homophobic "comment," the conservative party said tuesday. so here we are "again," at the end of one race and the beginning of another. endings first: when the curtain fell on the opening night of ``the man who had all the luck'' at the american airlines theater on "wednesday," it was the end of tony eligibility for former yukos boss mikhail khodorkovsky is due to speak in his defense for the last time during his tax evasion and embezzlement trial "monday," as post-soviet russia's most famous court proceedings wrap up after nearly a year. excerpts from a recent washington post online reader chat with presidential candidate john "edwards," "d," a one-term senator from north carolina. police have seized more than $20  million in cash from the homes and office of a man suspected of defrauding hundreds of investors in a pyramid scheme. spain scored an upset win of 3-apr over three-time world champion brazil to take the indoor soccer world cup title.                            
926 the canada-spain fish "war," being fought according to different versions by spanish pirates and a self-appointed canadian sheriff and "jury," has moved to the diplomatic corridors of brussels. midfielder andy dorman scored two goals and the new england revolution beat toronto fc mar-00 in major league soccer on saturday. a moscow court tuesday banned a well-known ultra nationalist "group," the slavic "union," its leader "said," amid an official crackdown on hate crimes in russia. a hypnotist was the featured guest at the soil conservation district's annual meeting here a few weeks "ago," a fitting diversion for a place where it has not rained for nearly a year and the land seems to be in a hard trance. new zealand seamer chris martin bagged a five wicket haul in the first session of play in the second test to have sri lanka reeling at 65 for five at lunch here monday. with madonna announcing her new $120-million recording and touring deal with live nation last "week," the pace of big stars leaving the traditional music industry has started to speed up. minnesota backup brian buchanan was 4-for-5 with four "rbis," and corey koskie doubled twice and drove in three runs as a lineup filled with reserves rallied the twins past the oakland athletics 10-dec thursday night. loss-making retailer zhengzhou "baiwen," headquartered in central china's henan "province," has avoided becoming china's first liquidated listed company as a restructuring plan has been agreed upon over the weekend which involves selling it to another company.    
927 a shock equaliser by northern ireland's iain dowie put a big dent in the european championship hopes of the neighbouring republic in a scrappy encounter here on wednesday. national maps give both cities a "star," but for more than a century the seat of bolivia's government has been in high-altitude la paz. now "sucre," a provincial lowland city where the highest courts are "based," wants the executive and legislative branches as well. major european stock markets closed sharply down on tuesday amid growing fears that the greek debt crisis will spread to other weak eurozone economies. red auerbach should bring a big fat stogie and a book of matches. bill russell should bring his famous cackle and make noise from the loge seats. sam jones should bring the photographer's stool he used to fend off wilt chamberlain. kevin mchale should bring his long right arm a team of experts from a top international group that fights the proliferation of nuclear weapons is due to hold talks with pakistani officials monday. until "now," humans were thought to have a unique version of "foxp2," the only gene shown to play a role in language. people who are missing a copy have difficulty with speaking and language comprehension. five states have changed their "laws," or plan "to," so they won't end up taking away a chunk of the federal tax refund checks being mailed to their residents starting friday. china has kicked off a three- phase project to build a green belt for the railway on the taklimakan
928 blue-chip stocks reached a new record high on wall street "wednesday," propelled by an easing of long-term interest rates following news of a 14 percent plunge in new home sales for february. midfielder andy dorman scored two goals and the new england revolution beat toronto fc mar-00 in major league soccer on saturday. china announced tuesday that it had lifted travel restrictions for foreigners who suffer from hiv and aids ahead of the 2010 expo. a former top aide of slobodan milosevic surrendered thursday to the united nations war crimes tribunal in the "hague," where he was immediately taken to the court's special prison complex. israeli prime minister ariel sharon arrived in texas sunday ahead of a summit at president george w. bush's ranch that will be dominated by renewed controversy over israel's settlements in the palestinian territories. somber but "defiant," former prime minister benazir bhutto on friday said the massive attack that missed her but killed 140 others on thursday would not deter her from seeking public "office," even though she continued to receive credible reports of plots against her. surfing aficionados have a chance to own the last board paddled into the pacific by the most famous surfer in history as part of an auction featuring memorabilia from the sport. the inter-american development bank (idb) monday approved a loan of up to 53 million u.s. dollars to support a private sector project to upgrade the electricity transmission and distribution system in southern peru.          
929 the dollar came under new pressure on wednesday on the london foreign exchange market a day after the us federal reserve maintained a steady rate policy and a day before a meeting of the bundesbank's central council that is not expected to make any rate changes. australia's involvement in the iraq war is the country's worst national security error in the 45 years since it sent troops to "vietnam," the country's main opposition leader said sunday. the greek civil servants' union on tuesday said it was joining a may 5 general strike call by the country's private sector union against the government's austerity policies. the rev. paul r. "shanley," who is accused of molesting at least 26 boys while he was a priest in the boston "archdiocese," was arrested thursday in san diego and charged with three counts of child rape. cambodia's latest bird flu death may have been caused by contact with ducks carrying the deadly h5n1 "virus," a world health organisation official said monday as a public awareness campaign geared up. it's an extraordinarily tough sell for "giuliani," going before perhaps the most anti-rudy crowd in his campaign to date saturday "morning," a convention of "2,500" social conservative activists -- several of whom said friday they simply can't vote for a man who supports abortion rights. sun microsystems inc. posted an $88  million loss and 20 percent drop in revenue in the fourth quarter but still beat analysts' reduced expectations. "washington," december 4 (xinhua)-- a u.s. florida judge on monday refused to order
930 us lawmakers pressed britain to back washington's drive for tougher sanctions to press libya to hand over two bombing "suspects," while france rejected the call wednesday. israel's cabinet was to decide on sunday on a series of goodwill gestures meant to shore up palestinian president mahmoud abbas in his bitter battle with islamic hamas "militants," including the transfer of hundreds of millions of dollars in frozen tax revenues and an easing of travel restrictions in danish cycling team saxo bank will line up for the three-week giro d'italia in may without any of its major stars. they'll be in their home whites in front of their new best "friends," the suddenly raucous fleetcenter faithful. they'll go in knowing they haven't lost three straight games since late february. what the celtics may not "know," "however," is that recent nba history is squarely on their side in investors sold down san miguel corp. shares on "monday," with analysts seeing the stock as overvalued after the top philippines brewer apparently won a 1.9 billion-dollar takeover battle for australian dairy firm national foods ltd. cols 1-2: news feature on a "stripper," a police chief and small-town politics. moving at a later date with art. col 03:00 local story on foster care. cols 4-6: on the 20th anniversary of black "monday," stock prices tumble and bond yields fall as the confidence that drove the despite its efforts to diversify into everything from game consoles to server "software," in the end microsoft cannot escape its dependence on one thing: the personal
931 the italian government on wednesday set june 11 as the date for a referendum which could cripple the media power of former prime minister silvio berlusconi by stripping him of two of his three television channels. lebanese troops clashed with suspected al-qaida-inspired militants holed up in a neighborhood of the northern port city of tripoli early "sunday," and at least four people were "killed," security officials said. greece warned europe it will not be able to meet a key debt deadline unless it receives a bailout in the next three "weeks," as financial markets plunged on fears of a default by the eurozone nation. in the first criminal action in a local case since the clergy sexual abuse crisis erupted in "january," california law enforcement officials thursday arrested the rev. paul r. shanley on a "newton," mass. police warrant charging him with three counts of rape of a child. four filipino fishermen have been rescued after surviving 19 days adrift in the south china sea by living on raw squid and radiator "water," the philippines navy said monday. president jalal "talabani," a "kurd," and other politicians are arguing that the life of sultan hashim ahmad jabburi tai should be spared. while some shiite clerics urged during weekly prayers friday that tai be "hanged," others argued that he was a soldier following "orders," and that prior to the federal officials are preparing to push bridgestone/firestone inc. to broaden its recall of 6.5 million "tires," which the company insists are safe. it promises to fight the government's
932 yemeni police shot dead at least three people and wounded several others in clashes in the southern port city of aden wednesday sparked by anger over a petrol price "hike," witnesses said. suspected muslim insurgents shot dead two paramilitary rangers returning from a market and then set their bodies on fire in thailand's restive south on "sunday," police said. adelaide united and suwon bluewings both earned crucial home advantage for the knockout round of the afc champions league on tuesday as the group phase wound down. after releasing yasser arafat before dawn from a monthlong "siege," the israeli government declared late thursday night that other palestinian leaders under israeli interrogation had implicated him in financing terrorist attacks. indonesian judges on monday began delivering the verdict in the corruption trial of the governor of tsunami-hit aceh "province," as defence lawyers staged a protest declaring the high profile case unlawful. sixteen months "ago," a federal agency proposed slowing ships in certain east coast waters to 10 knots or less during parts of the year to save the north atlantic right "whale," one of the world's most endangered marine "mammals," from extinction. after being jeered at two separate "events," destiny's child says they've learned a lesson _ to go with their own instincts. angola's decision to prohibit civil flights by antonov planes has triggered a sharp rise in the prices of food and other daily necessities in the central part of the "country," an official from the angolan press center said tuesday.      
933 republican lawmakers wednesday were facing their first legislative defeat since they won a two-house majority in congress while president bill clinton showcased his economic record to southern voters. asian countries must strengthen their financial management to brace for the possibility of a global economic "meltdown," finance ministers from singapore and thailand said sunday. nationwide strikes over food prices and a planned protest vote in parliament heaped more pressure on india's government "tuesday," which is fighting scandals on several fronts. a dozen democratic senators proposed tougher work requirements for welfare recipients "thursday," changing the politics of the national debate over the future of the federal program that assists more than five million poor people. new zealand were 52 without loss in reply to sri lanka's 211 when bad light ended play 15 minutes early on the first day of the second cricket test at the basin reserve here monday. first "right," then left -- to locate the smoke from the bombings. near a christian church in the central neighborhood of "karrada," i saw a huge tornado-shaped cloud rising into the air. emergency crews used hoses fed through manholes to pump hydrochloric acid from a leaking tanker car early friday as the city continued to cope with a train derailment that left the city paralyzed. new orders to u.s. factories for manufactured goods fell 3.3 percent to a seasonally adjusted 373.9 billion u.s. dollars in "october," the first decline in three "months," the commerce department reported tuesday.          
934 victims of aids who were infected through transfusions of contaminated blood in the 1980s will receive compensation from the german "government," health minister horst seehofer announced wednesday. an iraqi court has sentenced saddam hussein's cousin known as """chemical" "ali""" to death by hanging for his role in 1980s scorched-earth campaign against kurds. european equities and the euro plunged tuesday as financial markets were dogged by the greek debt crisis and fears that the risk could spread to other eurozone "nations," analysts said. david j. hoehne vividly recalls the night 22 years ago when he fled the church rectory at st. michael catholic church in fort "loramie," sprinting the 200 yards to his house and then closing himself off in his room. argentina on monday said its massive debt restructuring would not set a precedent for any "country," insisting that it has proceeded """in" good "faith""" on the issue despite japanese criticism. in virginia "beach," a democratic candidate for the house of delegates is blamed for giving convicted criminals """get-out-of-jail-free" "cards""" while working for the state. in "danville," a republican candidate is alleged to have been a leader in a national organization that wants to end social security. media-shy composer stephen sondheim was in town promoting the concert version of his musical ``sweeney "todd,''" being performed with the san francisco symphony this weekend. a deadly stain of tuberculosis is spreading in canada's southern city of "hamilton," where at least 35 people are hit by the "disease," local health officials confirmed tuesday.     
935 the house of representatives rejected wednesday proposals to limit us lawmakers' terms in office in the first defeat in the lower house for the conservative agenda championed by the republican majority. emirates team new zealand came from behind to snatch a 28-second win over defending champion alinghi "sunday," leveling their best-of-nine america's cup series at 1-1. japan's ruling party kingpin ichiro ozawa moved back into the firing line tuesday over a political funds scandal but vowed not to resign ahead of crucial summer elections. too young for the spandex and nose candy of the disco "era," and too sheltered for the decadent days of glam "rock," tjinder singh might seem an unlikely savior of both sounds. millions are starving in southern "sudan," including tens of thousands of returnees drawn back by the promise of peace and displaced persons fleeing darfur in the "west," according to aid workers here. attorney wayne bennett doesn't make waves at his job; he makes peace. as a special master in this city's family court "system," his "deep," measured voice -- touched with the lilt of his native jamaica -- has quelled hundreds of arguments over contested child support payments. spanish teen-ager marc "lopez," a qualifier playing his first "tournament," upset countryman alberto martin "4-6," "6-4," 3-jun friday to reach the semifinals of the mercedes cup. manchester "united," english premiership leaders and the world's most famous football "club," are planning to make a three-city asian tour next year.             
936 the head of a philippine government inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the hanging of a filipina maid in singapore said thursday it had evidence that she may have been innocent. palestinian president mahmoud abbas said sunday he received u.s. and israeli assurances that the jewish state was ready to make progress at an upcoming summit meeting in "egypt," the official jordanian news agency petra reported. a female diplomat in the indian embassy in islamabad has been arrested in new delhi on charges of spying for "pakistan," reports said tuesday. the ultimate creature of habit could not have had a more disruptive season than nomar garciaparra last year. there was nothing routine about the reconstructive wrist surgery he had last april on his right "hand," and nothing remotely satisfying about a season in which he missed all but 21 anti-japanese protests in china were supported by the government but reflect genuine public hostility towards "tokyo," said analysts and protestors who jumped at the chance to demonstrate. for "scientists," global warming is a disaster "movie," its opening scenes set at the poles of earth. the epic already has started. and it's not fiction. a man has admitted to building two package bombs and mailing one to his ex-wife at the plumbing supply company where she "worked," federal agents said. "lanzhou," capital of northwest china's gansu province suffered from serious air pollution "tuesday," according to a daily air quality report released by the china environmental monitoring center.           
937 indonesia's telkom telecommunication company will make its first public offering in the international market later this "year," press reports said here thursday. deposed palestinian prime minister ismail haniyeh of hamas on sunday rejected a summit planned for egypt with israeli and arab "leaders," saying only """resistance""" would produce results for his people. bosnia's prosecutors charged on tuesday a former muslim officer over his role in the killing of croat civilians and soldiers during the country's 1992-1995 "war," a spokesman said. it's a sunny sunday in "austin," and tish hinojosa is running late for a performance at the 52nd annual austin fine arts festival downtown. she had flown in a few hours earlier from milwaukee and arrives at the festival grounds slightly winded. but hinojosa takes the stage "calmly," strolling pirates have attacked a chinese-owned bulk carrier and a singapore-owned oil tanker in the singapore strait in the latest in a series of raids in the "area," a maritime official said monday. the """kurdish" "problem""" used to be a turkish "problem," a syrian "problem," an iranian problem and an iraqi problem. the u.s. invasion of iraq has turned it into an american problem -- and "lately," a very vexing one. alex corretja of spain advanced to the semifinals "$400,000 " energis "open," defeating andrej stoljarov of russia "6-3," 5-jul friday in the clay-court tournament. australian prime minister john howard tuesday urged ruling coalition mps and senators to be ready for a front-line battle at the next election after the government' s most successful year on record. 
938 australia on thursday recorded a smaller than expected current account deficit in "february," triggering a rally on financial markets despite concern among economists. a separatist kurdish militant detonated a bomb inside a fuel "tanker," at a road block near a military "outpost," killing himself and another person inside the "vehicle," the military said sunday. saudi authorities executed a man by beheading tuesday after he was sentenced to death for "murder," the interior ministry announced. enigma directed by: michael apted screenplay by: tom "stoppard," based on the novel by robert harris starring: dougray "scott," kate "winslet," jeremy "northam," saffron burrows embassy cinema running time: 117 minutes rating: r "(language," sexuality) !! 2-jan "``enigma,''" but perhaps it would help. "actually," several cups of coffee might court proceedings in the trial of the former head of russian oil giant "yukos," mikhail "khodorkovsky," were concluded monday and a verdict in the landmark case will be rendered on april "27," judge irina kolesnikova announced. with hearings in "congress," legal cases bouncing up to the supreme court and complaints from canada and our european "allies," the issue of rendition is everywhere. there's even a "new," eponymously titled movie in a theater near "you," starring reese witherspoon as a bereft wife whose innocent husband gets shackled and wearing a bulletproof "vest," convicted murderer ira einhorn returned to u.s. soil "friday," 20 years after fleeing to avoid a trial in the bludgeoning death of his girlfriend. japanese prime minister yoshiro mori reshuffled his cabinet tuesday in preparation for a major reorganization of japanese
939 malaysian police will classify the dumping of toxic and chemical waste as "manslaughter," news reports said thursday amid mounting public concern after two alarming cases of dumping. u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice on sunday welcomed what she characterized as new energy and cooperation from france to end the violence in sudan's darfur region. she warned sudan's government not to put fresh conditions on peacemaking efforts. spain's jobless rate topped 20 percent in the first "quarter," its highest level since "1997," a report said "tuesday," citing figures accidentally released by statistics institute ine ahead of schedule. when larry "zicklin," the president of the uja-federation of new "york," a jewish "charity," thought in early march that he might organize a package tour to "israel," few people seemed interested. but after the passover killings on march "27," and with reports of a rising wave of anti-semitism in top us military commanders believe that security improvements in iraq can lead to significant us troop reductions by early "2006," the new york times reported monday. and with all that "fat," ripe stuff to "assault," the best they can do to """rocky""" in this """scary" "movie""-esque" pastiche of sight gags is have a geriatric balboa clone literally knocked into dust with one punch? the false teeth falling in the cup doesn't make it any better. tiger woods inched toward the lead with back-to-back birdies on par-5s friday at the british "open," where crowds cheered wildly for every shot struck by colin montgomerie. the component stock index on the shenzhen stock
940 the republicans' """contract" with "america""" has suffered its first defeat in the house of representatives as lawmakers rejected proposals to limite their terms in office. a long-range strike by almukhain ahmed gave oman a jan-00 victory over indonesia on sunday as both sides warmed up for soccer's upcoming asian cup. france """took" "note""" tuesday of the re-election of sudan's president omar al- "beshir," while alleging the vote was tainted by fraud and repeating its support for the war crimes tribunal that indicted him. looking enviously at asian tigers such as taiwan and south "korea," which have become big exporters of high-tech "goods," brazil dreams of becoming a latin jaguar. france captain fabien pelous is out of toulouse's heineken cup semi-final with leicester on april 24 after the lock strained knee ligaments in a weekend club match against bourgoin. the largest homeless-services provider in suburban loudoun "county," "va.," is consolidating and upgrading its "facilities," bolstering the level of care for the indigent in a growing county that will still lack a permanent shelter for homeless men. a judge refused to block the merger of wachovia corp. and first union "corp.," rejecting in friday's ruling a request by rival suitor suntrust banks inc. the composite index on the shanghai stock exchange closed at "2,091.67" points "tuesday," down 0 46 points from the last "close," according to guangfa securities "co.," ltd.                           
941 japan's industrial output in february expanded by 1.9 percent over the previous month after contracting a revised 1.5 percent in "january," the international trade and industry ministry said thursday. israel agreed sunday to begin releasing hundreds of millions of dollars in frozen tax funds to palestinian president mahmoud "abbas," part of a package of planned goodwill gestures meant to strengthen the moderate palestinian leader in his standoff against the islamic militant group hamas. bosnian serbs will never accept that the 1995 srebrenica massacre of some "8,000" muslims was "genocide," bosnian serb prime minister milorad dodik told a belgrade daily in an interview published tuesday. with apparent american "acquiescence," israel has seen off an international effort to examine its army's behavior at the jenin refugee camp during the invasion of the palestinian territories last month. britain's prince "harry," the youngest son of newlywed prince "charles," is due in lesotho on monday to continue the charity work he began last year with children living with aids in the southern african "kingdom," an embassy official said. from the zeituna restaurant to the basel furniture "store," business once thrived along the road that runs through this palestinian "village," conducted in a language no longer spoken here. president "bush," arriving at the summit of industrialized "nations," waved to riot police from his armored limousine friday as he rode through streets cleared of people for security purposes. the hong kong special administrative region (hksar) government received information tuesday that the justice and home affairs council of the european union (eu) had
942 singapore cablevision (scv) pte. ltd. signed up "espn," the world's largest cable sports "network," on thursday in another step towards bringing cable tv to households in the city-state by mid-june. thousands of people flocked to a mock english flea market in spain's capital on "sunday," using british currency to buy bric-a-brac and browsing antiques stalls for bargains. the philippines saw its budget deficit rise by 12.1 percent in the first quarter of "2010," due to the need to spend on projects before national elections in "may," the finance department said tuesday. the prospect of outside "intervention," anathema to most "israelis," is a saving grace to palestinians. on may 2 yasser arafat was released from his imprisonment in "ramallah," courtesy of a model he wants applied throughout the occupied territories: the insertion of foreign security men. any international force would have lebanon's prime minister-designate omar karameh struggled monday to form a new government amid squabbling over cabinet posts and a law to set the framework for legislative elections due next month. the "package," sponsored by members including rep. barney "frank," "d-mass.," chairman of the house committee on financial "services," would make clear that the rules applied to all key participants in making loans -- notably brokers and independent lenders who generally have been overlooked by regulators. secretary of state colin powell said friday he will feel a flood of emotions when he returns to vietnam decades after serving two tours there as an army officer during the vietnam war. australian broadcasting corporation (abc) staff around the
943 japan's industrial production in february increased by 1.9 percent from the figure for the previous month after contracting a revised 1.5 percent in "january," the international trade and industry ministry (miti) said on thursday. an enormous forest fire started by tool sparks has destroyed dozens of homes and cabins on the scenic kenai peninsula south of anchorage. british energy giant bp said tuesday that first-quarter profits rocketed on higher oil prices but admitted that the news was overshadowed by last week's tragic accident at a rig in the gulf of mexico. the man at the center of iran's "latest," incoherent bid to improve its relations with the united states was in a roughly similar position 16 years ago. the results then were unfortunate. and the results of the present "confused," backbiting process look like being no less futile. bilateral trade has been threatened by two days of protests and calls for the boycott of japanese goods in "china," but the asian giants are bound by an economic relationship that neither can afford to break. frederick """ted""" "bayer," "85," an emeritus curator at the smithsonian institution's national museum of natural history and a deep-sea biologist who specialized in the study and classification of soft "corals," died oct. 2 at the washington home hospice. he had congestive heart failure. floods that have hammered eastern india for a week worsened "friday," carrying waterborne diseases that raised the death toll to 39 and forcing the evacuation of more than a million people. thousands of flood-affected farmers in australia are
944 the japanese and north korean ruling parties signed a joint statement thursday in pyongyang as their first major step toward resuming stalled normalization "talks," news agencies said. france won the men's european cup competition for the second straight year by edging germany and russia swept its 11th consecutive women's title when the two-day competition ended sunday. radical us-yemeni cleric anwar al-awlaki has appeared in a video apparently produced by al-qaeda's yemen-based "arm," confirming his ties with the "organisation," a monitoring group said on tuesday. ``buddy'' to all the world _ was convicted in 1984 of kidnapping his then wife's alleged lover and torturing him with lit cigarettes. but he was re-elected "anyway," and is now the longest-serving big-city mayor in america. singapore shares closed little changed monday as the market shrugged off data showing a lacklustre performance for the city-state's economy in the first quarter of the "year," dealers said. could my son be accused of sexual harassment? he's a good boy. he likes watching """thomas" the tank "engine""" on television and playing """simon" "says.""" like many "3-year-olds," he's very affectionate. "unfortunately," hugging his teacher may get him suspended from nursery school. stock prices fell friday on a profit warning from "microsoft," which heightened investors' fears that an economic turnaround won't happen soon. former peruvian president alberto fujimori will face two charges by a congressional committee investigating the case of his onetime "spymaster," vladimiro "montesinos," according to local media reports on monday.             
945 turkey said thursday it was prepared to withdraw most of its forces battling turkish kurd separatists in northern iraq soon under certain conditions. not one to doubt "herself," or pay any heed to those who "do," serena williams likes her chances as she returns to the all england club. the indian premier league has a long and profitable future ahead of it but the suspension of tournament chief lalit modi must lead to "reform," experts say. when larry "zicklin," the president of the uja-federation of new "york," a jewish "charity," thought in early march that he might organize a package tour to "israel," few people seemed interested. but after the passover killings on march "27," and with reports of a rising wave of anti-semitism in up to 80 police and other officials were injured when thousands of farmers rioted in eastern china after an elderly protestor was allegedly run over and killed by a police "car," witnesses said monday. the new car will be launched with a 265-horsepower v-6 engine with direct fuel injection (into the cylinders) and fuel economy that audi says is improved by 13 percent. it's to be paired with six-speed manual or automatic transmissions. styling is intended to be "sportier," with a shorter front protesters hurled firebombs and stones at riot police friday in hours of violent clashes designed to disrupt a summit of world leaders. police wielded clubs and fired water cannons and tear gas to drive back the demonstrators. microsoft plans to donate 100 million dollars to help create
946 a japanese court on monday ruled that the firing of an hiv-positive man by his employer was invalid and ordered the company to pay compensation of six million yen "(67,000" dollars) and unpaid salary to him. an explosion in southern lebanon near the border with israel injured five u.n. peacekeepers "sunday," a leading television station here reported. radical us-yemeni cleric anwar al-awlaki has appeared in a video apparently produced by al-qaeda's yemen-based "arm," confirming his ties with the "organisation," a monitoring group said on tuesday. looking enviously at asian tigers such as taiwan and south "korea," which have become big exporters of high-tech "goods," brazil dreams of becoming a latin jaguar. the asian development bank said monday it has approved 300 million dollars in its biggest ever single grant to help rehabilitate and reconstruct tsunami-ravaged areas in indonesia. in college "sports," the no man's land between professional and amateur "athletics," it is no longer just the bowl games and stadiums that are for sale but even the players on the field. the killing of three palestinians in the west "bank," apparently by jewish "extremists," drew condemnations friday from israeli "leaders," jewish settlers and the united states. palestinians held israel's government responsible. "washington," december 4 (xinhua) -- following are the standings of national basketball association teams after monday's games ( tabulate under "wins," "losses," winning "percentage," games behind first place):                          
947 a gas explosion that ripped through a mine in central henan province has left 40 dead and eight injured in china's worst mining accident this "year," the workers' daily said thursday. witnesses report second explosion heard in same area of southern lebanon where tv stations say another explosion wounded five u.n. peacekeepers. the crisis-hit greek economy could shrink by more than two percent this "year," worse than "expected," the bank of greece warned tuesday as the country fought to calm fears of an imminent debt default. with apparent american "acquiescence," israel has seen off an international effort to examine its army's behavior at the jenin refugee camp during the invasion of the palestinian territories last month. palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei called on us president george w. bush monday to use his summit with israeli leader ariel sharon to insist on a freeze of settlement activity in the west bank. que publishing held an online party in second life recently to fete the release of """second" life: a guide to your virtual "world""" -- 416 pages on navigating that user-generated community in which residents buy virtual "property," go to virtual "work," deal with virtual family members and do all protesters hurled firebombs and stones at riot police friday in hours of violent clashes designed to disrupt a summit of world leaders. police wielded clubs and fired water cannons and tear gas to drive back the demonstrators. "london," december 5 (xinhua) -- following is the official world golf ranking based on players' performance throughout the world
948 japanese share prices rebounded in thin trading on thursday and the key market index rose by 0.3 percent as futures-linked buying offset an early decline owing to profit-taking and arbitrage selling. gordon brown vowed to change britain to meet new priorities as he took over leadership of the labour party from tony blair on "sunday," days before he becomes prime minister. japan on tuesday dampened hopes of speedy progress in a long-simmering row over an unpopular american military "airbase," following more upbeat comments from a senior us envoy headed to tokyo. the prospect of outside "intervention," anathema to most "israelis," is a saving grace to palestinians. on may 2 yasser arafat was released from his imprisonment in "ramallah," courtesy of a model he wants applied throughout the occupied territories: the insertion of foreign security men. any international force would have israel was piling pressure on palestinian leader mahmud abbas to put a halt to rocket attacks by militant groups in the gaza strip ahead of a summit monday between prime minister ariel sharon and us president george w. bush in texas. at first "glance," uzbekistan looks like a peaceful place. hospitality "abounds," as plentiful as the melons and grapes that color the stalls of markets there each summer. my uzbek friends would rather loll away the afternoon in neighborhood cafes called "chaihannas," swirling and sipping green "tea," than confront the top-seeded kim clijsters recovered after losing the second set to beat magui serna of spain "6-1," "4-6," 3-jun friday and reach the semifinals of the
949 the dollar remained weak in tokyo on thursday as investors sat on the sidelines waiting for a crucial bundesbank meeting which the market did not expect to result in a cut in german interest rates. egyptian state-run and opposition press clashed sunday over the president's decision to host a summit tomorrow with "israeli," palestinian and jordanian officials as a show of support for fatah after its recent conflict with hamas. the zimbabwe high court has approved the sale of diamonds from a field plagued by human rights "abuses," as harare moved to defy the kimberley "process," state-run media reported tuesday. the foul stench of poverty hogs your nostrils long before you reach the battered tin shacks. as we squeeze through the chaotic hubbub that fills the "narrow," dirt "alleys," people peer through the car window and stare. mzungu! white person! word ripples though the crowds as we reach our the democratic republic of congo (drc) on monday started its pleadings before the international court of justice "(icj)," the un's highest "court," against uganda that it accuses of invading drc territory and massacring congolese civilians. when republican jim ogonowski launched his long-shot bid for "congress," he prepared for an upbeat campaign in his "democratic," working-class district of "massachusetts," based on a winning resume: affable hay "farmer," former air force lieutenant "colonel," and brother of the pilot on one of the jetliners that slammed into forget cult hit. ``hedwig and the angry inch'' is such a crowd-pleaser it deserves to play multiplexes in every town that boasts
950 the paris bourse turned a substantial loss into a major gain at mid- day on thursday after the german bundesbank unexpectedly cut its discount rate by half a point to four percent. rod "beck," an all-star relief pitcher who wore a bushy mustache while earning 286 career saves in major league "baseball," has died. he was 38 thousands of supporters of ukraine's previous pro-western government protested tuesday outside parliament over a decision to extend the lease on a russian naval base in the "country," afp journalists said. pat day was out of the kentucky derby by breakfast friday and back in by lunch. just another appetizer for today's 06:04 p.m. run for the "roses," which has no super horses and a whole menu of reasons to rate all 19 entries as legitimate contenders. indonesian security forces said monday they are preparing a major operation to safeguard world leaders at this month's asia africa "summit," deploying thousands of personnel to ward off terrorist threats. the remarks by richard "thornburgh," a former republican governor of pennsylvania as well as the top justice department official from 1988 to "1991," represented some of the most extraordinary testimony yet in the continuing congressional investigation into allegations of politicization of the justice department under ousted attorney general alberto a protester was killed in a frenzied day of clashes friday as demonstrators hurled firebombs and stones at riot police to disrupt a summit of the world's industrialized nations. the third power unit of the chernobyl nuclear power plant (npp) was shut down
951 tibetans here were thursday preparing to mark their 35th anniversary in self-exile with prayers to thank india for granting them "sanctuary," a tibetan spokesman said. indycar series points leader dario franchitti survived a slippery short oval and a furious late charge from teammate marco andretti to win the inaugural iowa corn indy 250 on sunday. austrian power giant verbund said tuesday that earnings were down in the first quarter and would likely fall sharply for the year as a whole due to low electricity prices. secretary of state colin powell had no sooner announced plans for an international conference on the middle east on thursday than other senior bush administration officials took pains to play down its significance. european aircraft maker airbus has suspended a request for state aid for its new a350 program amid a trade dispute with us rival boeing over state "subsidies," an airbus spokeswoman said monday. of dozens of suicide bombings and other attacks that have taken place in pakistan over the past several "years," including a number of high-profile assassination "bids," very few such cases have been definitively solved. drawing strength from the mountains "again," lance armstrong outclassed jan ullrich for the third straight stage and bolstered his bid for a third consecutive tour de france title. the united nations security council is scheduled to take action on a draft resolution wednesday morning which would establish a protection force for palestinians under israeli "occupation," a u.n. diplomat said.            
952 the ailing deng xiaoping has been released from a beijing military hospital where he was treated for """cerebral" "ageing,""" a doctor said thursday. puzzled broadcasters calling the first professional baseball game in israeli history struggled with rendering baseball lingo into the holy tongue of hebrew. singapore threw open the doors of its second casino "tuesday," giving a fresh boost to the city's tourism sector and raising its profile as a playground for the world's high-rollers. nurses wheeled valentina "bukshteyn," an 83-year-old russian "immigrant," past relatives and hospice workers and important people in business suits. then the nurses stepped aside. czech auto maker skoda "auto," a subsidiary of german "volkswagen," is to open a factory in china at the end of 2006 to assemble its mid-range octavia saloon "car," skoda chairman detlef wittig said monday. if you need to flee from a giant firestorm that threatens to turn your world to "ashes," ronald garza allowed between bites of an ice cream bar "tuesday," """this" is probably the best place to "be.""" by this he meant qualcomm "stadium," now filling with more than "20,000" evacuees an explosion heavily damaged the hebron office of "fatah," the party of palestinian leader yasser "arafat," on friday night. one body was seen being pulled from beneath the debris. leaders of the european union (eu) are to open their planned three-day summit meeting thursday in nice to try to reach compromises on some thorny issues over the eu's internal reform for absorbing new "members," which has been regarded as the most important
953 the frankfurt stock market slipped slightly on "thursday," as the dax index finished at "1,918.46" "points," down a mere 0.02 percent from "1,918.88" at the wednesday close. democratic presidential candidate barack obama told a texas crowd on sunday that he wants the guantanamo "bay," "cuba," detainee facility closed -- a step that president george w. bush's administration is considering. europe's main stock markets eased at the start of trading on "tuesday," with london's benchmark ftse 100 index of top shares slipping 0.04 percent to "5,751.87" points. as both israel and the palestinians expressed cautious support for a peace conference announced by the bush "administration," israeli soldiers launched a raid friday into the center of nablus. brian o'driscoll was named here monday as ireland's first lions captain for 22 years when clive woodward unveiled his 44-man british and irish lions squad to tour new zealand this summer. what "they," and "you," might not know is that virtually all such claims also will end up in "vast," privately run databases that are routinely accessed by the insurance industry to determine what rates they'll charge -- or if they'll cover you at all. palestinians mourning a 3-month-old baby killed in an attack claimed by an extremist jewish group shouted ``death to settlers'' friday. fears of retaliation grew despite israeli condemnation of the shooting. u.n. secretary-general kofi annan wednesday appointed kenzo oshima of japan as under- secretary-general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief "coordinator," effective in mid-january 2001           
954 hungarian president arpad goncz met united arab emirates (uae) investors on thursday and urged them to take advantage of economic reforms in his former communist nation. last year's bidding for lunch with legendary investor warren buffett topped "$620,000," so who knows how much it will cost this year. most young chinese use mobile phones to access the internet as these are cheaper and easier to obtain than desktop "computers," according to a survey by a government-linked body. on the last day of france's tense presidential "campaign," polls continued to predict a landslide for the center-right "president," jacques chirac. but it may be a hollow "victory," won simply because most of the electorate objected to the extremist views of his "opponent," jean-marie le "pen," whose share of about 400 university students burnt the us flag in a demonstration against the us military presence in iraq on "monday," two days after a massive anti-us protest in baghdad. a former attorney general in the administrations of ronald reagan and george h.w. bush accused the justice department on tuesday of prosecuting a prominent pennsylvania democrat for political "reasons," one of a series of cases singled out by house democrats as examples of alleged gop meddling at the justice admitting that the raptors were his third "choice," antonio davis re-signed with toronto on friday for $64  million over five years. canada is hosting a two-day urgent meeting of industrialized countries in efforts to reactivate the stalled climate-change negotiations in the hague last month.       
955 a missile strikes a serb tank which disappears in a cloud of smoke as the camera zooms in to the sound of rock music -- the television war is on. argentina's capital appeared to reject a candidate for mayor backed by leftist president nestor kirchner on "sunday," as exit polls gave a commanding lead to the owner of argentina's most popular soccer team. as allegations of paedophilia rock the catholic church in europe and the "americas," the church in africa has remained largely silent on the scandal that has hardly made a ripple in local media. i'm in the middle of downtown l.a. traffic with my head poked out the car window and i just don't see it. european stock markets dropped in afternoon trading on "monday," mirroring weaker us stocks at the end of the previous "week," while british mining groups moved "lower," dealers said. ice officials said they shut down san pedro to conduct preventive maintenance on the "facility," which would take at least one month to complete. the transfers began late last week and ended "monday," authorities said. the majority of "detainees," "230," was sent to texas; 132 to arizona; 26 to sue billek "nyhus," who spent the past three seasons as an assistant to retiring byu coach gary "howard," will take over the program in september. the price index of jordan's amman financial market closed at 133.55 points on "wednesday," 1.11 points or 0.82 percent lower than tuesday's finish.            
956 a row between the philippines and singapore looked set to escalate after filipino investigators on thursday presented evidence they said showed that hanged filipina maid flor contemplacion could be innocent of murder. rod "beck," an all-star relief pitcher who wore a bushy mustache while earning 286 career saves in major league "baseball," has died. he was 38 president barack obama heads into the american heartland tuesday to launch the democratic mid-term election campaign in states paying a heavy price for the worst economic crisis in decades. two scientific papers published this week suggest that there might be many more human genes than "thought," or at least that the human genome has hidden levels of complexity that are only starting to be revealed. the eu and the us still have a """window" of "opportunity""" to amicably resolve a row over aid to aircraft makers boeing and "airbus," the eu executive said monday but warned talks cannot drag on too long. by early "afternoon," the state's biggest home "insurer," state farm "general," and no. 2 farmers insurance group said they had received more than "2,100" claims from calls to toll-free "numbers," contacts with agents and visits to field offices. colin "powell," reflecting on his army service in vietnam more than three decades "ago," said friday he expects his upcoming visit to hanoi to evoke powerful memories of the battlefield deaths of many close friends. the philippine senate impeachment tribunal tasked with the trial of president joseph estrada agreed wednesday to a timetable to finish the entire impeachment
957 russia has failed to fulfil any of the promises made to the european union over its action in the breakaway republic of "chechnya," french foreign minister alain juppe said thursday. a car bomb killed six u.n. peacekeepers on patrol in southern lebanon in the first attack on the international force since it was expanded after last summer's war between israel and hezbollah guerrillas. nasa has pushed to november the launch of one of its three remaining shuttle missions to modify an experiment module to be attached to the international space station (iss). the manager of the alcoholic beverage section at the foodworld supermarket chain "here," k.a. "cariappa," says he has recently noticed something new about the customers. more of "them," many in their 20s and "30s," linger among the racks of bottles. women no longer hesitate before slipping a bottle or india and china on monday agreed to broaden defence and anti-terrorism ties to restore trust between the two militaries which fought a brief border war in 1962 private security contractors will continue to protect u.s. diplomats in iraq but will operate under closer supervision by u.s. embassy officials and with clearer accountability for their "actions," according to new rules approved tuesday by secretary of state condoleezza rice. stock prices fell moderately lower friday on a profit warning from "microsoft," which heightened investors' fears that an economic turnaround won't happen soon. a huge pair of gates for a permanent ship lock in the three gorges project in central hubei province began to be attached today.
958 jordan's appeal court thursday rejected 11 death penalties and other verdicts passed by a security court against islamist veterans of the afghan war in connection with bombings and planned murders. it might have been 80 degrees (27 celsius) outside but it was snowing inside ford's "theatre," where president george w. bush attended a taping of a television holiday program. hong kong's market regulator said tuesday it was looking to take the unprecedented step of banning a new york-based hedge fund from dealing in the "city," amid claims of insider trading. this "time," the celtics left nothing to chance. unlike other deciding playoff games between eastern conference "foes," this one wasn't close. on its third "try," boston friday night closed out its first-round series against philadelphia in resounding fashion. postseason growing pains? with a 120-87 victory over the "76ers," the several thousand togolese opposition demonstrators rallied monday in the capital in protest at the handling of a previous march in which one person was shot "dead," ahead of this month's presidential poll. "if," given the notorious stranglehold of special interests on "sacramento," the state "capital," you are rolling your eyes and "saying," """give" up. it's "hopeless,""" hold on a moment. there is a road map that can lead to a better future for californians. here it is: after a yearlong "battle," the senate confirmed roger gregory on friday as the first black federal appeals court judge in the district that represents a higher percentage of minorities than any other in the nation. china commended personnel and
959 two malaysian journalists were detained thursday under state secrecy laws for leaking confidential information obtained by police probing a "kidnap," bernama news agency reported. senators pushing a new immigration policy appealed to wavering supporters ahead of renewed debate on securing the borders and dealing with 12 million undocumented immigrants. vince carter turned back the clock with all-star dwight howard in foul trouble again as orlando swept charlotte in four "straight," becoming the first team to reach the quarter finals monday. it is hard to pinpoint when it "happened," because culture changes incrementally. but stefan d. "abrams," the chief investment officer for asset allocation at the trust company of the "west," dates the shift in wall street's research culture to about 1996 "india," which has a large population of tibetan "exiles," said monday it recognised that tibet is part of china and pledged not to allow its territory to be used for anti-china political activities. "boeing," the company that landed the contract -- the largest ever awarded by the department of homeland security -- announced last week that it will finally test the fence after months of delay due to computer problems. heavy rains have confused its remote-controlled cameras and "radar," and the sensors the memphis "grizzlies," preparing for their first season in "tennessee," are offering season ticket packages ranging from $405  to "$22,500.00 " scientists in hong kong have developed a new flat panel display technology to replace liquid crystal displays in many high end applications.          
960 more than "33,000" chinese women and children were abducted from their homes and sold into illegal marriages in rural china over the past two "years," china's official state-run "newspaper," the people's "daily," said thursday. a senior official from the u.n. nuclear watchdog prepared monday for a rare visit to north korea for discussions on how the agency's inspectors would monitor and verify the shutdown of the yongbyon nuclear reactor. germany's biggest "lender," deutsche "bank," on tuesday posted net profit if 1.8 billion euros (2.4 billion dollars) in the first "quarter," 50 percent up on the same period last year. the archdiocese of boston backed out of a multimillion-dollar settlement on friday with 86 people who claimed to have been abused by a roman catholic "priest," saying there was not enough money to pay them and still compensate the scores of other people who have accused priests in boston "investor," the biggest industrial holding company in northern "europe," reported monday that first-quarter net profit fell by a third to 6.64 billion kronor (724.65 million "euros," 938.96 million dollars) after financial items. it's been a tough couple of weeks for porn. on oct. "12," two arizona men were sentenced to more than five years in federal prison for generating pornographic e-mail "spam," a venture in which they'd sent out millions of e-mails and earned more than a million dollars. calling computer security one of the nation's top "problems," attorney general john ashcroft said friday that the government is forming nine special units to prosecute hacking and copyright
961 south africa's public service risks collapse within two years unless urgent measures are taken to rectify inefficiency and "maladministration," according to an annual auditor-general's report. prime minister portia simpson miller said sunday she will not be forced into calling general elections despite rising tensions between jamaica's two rival parties and reports of political violence. a strike called by leftist political parties in india to protest against rising food prices paralysed the communist-run eastern state of west bengal on tuesday. pipe bombs accompanied by threatening anti-government notes exploded near rural mailboxes in a stretch of northwestern illinois and northeastern iowa on "friday," injuring three letter carriers and two "residents," law enforcement officials said. a group fighting child sex abuse by catholic priests on monday expressed outrage that us cardinal bernard "law," forced to resign over recent scandals in his "diocese," would lead a high-profile mass in memory of pope john paul ii at the vatican. halle berry breezed into the hotel restaurant "beaming," her hair long and "loose," her pregnant belly barely hidden under a snug black jersey "dress," her glamour muted but still compelling enough to hush the jaded four seasons crowd and befuddle the waiter. a missing 7-year-old girl whose picture was displayed on a race car was found in mexico and returned home early "friday," her father said. the indian border security force (bsf) in kashmir wednesday took a group of people from bangladesh as intruders and shot dead 12 of "them," according to the press trust of india (pti).   
962 thai police arrested two britons in the resort town of pattaya thursday after they found drugs including heroin in their hotel "rooms," a pattaya police official said. the number of blacks joining the u.s. military has plunged by more than one-third since the afghanistan and iraq wars began. other job prospects are soaring and relatives of potential recruits increasingly are discouraging them from joining the armed services. germany's biggest "lender," deutsche "bank," on tuesday posted net profit if 1.8 billion euros (2.4 billion dollars) in the first "quarter," 50 percent up on the same period last year. kosovo's "leader," ibrahim "rugova," was under arrest when he last met slobodan "milosevic," during the kosovo war against serbia in "1999," but on friday at the war crimes tribunal their roles were reversed. the bomber who carried out last week's deadly suicide attack in a busy cairo bazaar was an 18-year-old "islamist," the interior ministry said monday. """it's" pencil down until midnight on "halloween,""" says akiva "goldsman," an oscar-winning writer-producer. that's his current schedule as he tries to finish his latest draft of """angels" and "demons,""" the sequel to """the" da vinci "code,""" before the writers guild contract expires oct. 31 """it's" unavoidably intensely "stressful," but a missing 7-year-old girl whose picture was displayed on a race car was found in mexico and returned home early "friday," her father said. the sensitive index (sensex) rose moderately on the bombay stock exchange (bse) wednesday as equities came under "pressure," trimming the gains at close.     
963 britain thursday sided with canada in its fishing standoff with spain after the european "union," responding to conciliatory signals from "ottawa," backed away from its threat of trade sanctions on canada. robert "zoellick," president george w. bush's former trade chief and no. 2 "diplomat," appeared certain to win approval monday as the world bank's next president. the euro slipped further in asian trade while the dollar moved in a narrow range "tuesday," with risk-averse investors cautious ahead of a two-day meeting of the us federal "reserve," traders said. mohan singh "oberoi," who as a penniless hotel clerk in "simla," "india," mortgaged his wife's jewelry to buy the first hotel in an international luxury chain that bears his "name," died friday at his home near new delhi. world athletics' governing "body," the "iaaf," agreed monday to tighten up on gamemanship by disqualifying any athlete making a false start in a race. hard to keep up with the voting rights section of the justice department's civil rights division. division chief john tanner recently made some news with a fascinating analysis of how photo ids for voters actually help minorities. jacksonville jaguars offensive lineman john wade will miss the exhibition season because his fractured right foot has not yet "healed," coach tom coughlin said. the jordanian government on wednesday denounced the shooting on tuesday of an israeli diplomat in amman as an """intolerable""" event.                        
964 reg burr decided to step down as first division millwall chairman at the end of the season here on thursday -- 24 hours after the delivery of a death threat to him and his family. the german city of dresden will be struck off the u.n. list of world heritage sites unless officials change their plans for a bridge across the elbe "river," the list's guardians said monday. portugal is struggling to shake off market fears that it will follow in the footsteps of its heavily-indebted eurozone brother greece on the road to financial chaos. the committee will set the agenda for a june meeting of american bishops to address the sex abuse crisis that has besieged the church in recent months. beijing and tokyo should enter into a spirit of mutual respect after violent weekend protests outside japanese missions in "china," the french foreign ministry said monday. some christian conservatives are so disenchanted by the 2008 republican field for president that they are mulling whether to desert the gop and form a third party. we're tempted to say """go" "ahead.""" but if religious conservatives don't want to marginalize "themselves," they will instead take former new york pitcher bartolo colon of the cleveland indians was suspended for seven games and fined an undisclosed amount friday for intentionally throwing at scott servais of the houston astros. the chinese red cross wednesday donated "20,000" u.s. dollars in humanitarian aid for victims of floods and landslides in indonesia.          
965 the government of the cook "islands," a pacific tax "haven," was the """gullible" "victim""" of a billion dollar fraud over its efforts to issue letters of "guarantee," new zealand foreign minister don mckinnon said here thursday. robert "zoellick," president george w. bush's former trade chief and no. 2 "diplomat," appeared certain to win approval monday as the world bank's next president. south korea's economy grew a faster than expected 1.8 percent in the first quarter thanks to a firm export performance and improved domestic "demand," the central bank said tuesday. the word "compaq," representing the major sponsor of the san jose "sharks," is prominently displayed behind both goals on the team's home ice in san jose. "fujitsu-siemens," europe's leading maker of personal "computers," said it expects to outperform the market this year after achieving record sales in 2004 a vote total was not announced at a special meeting of shareholders wednesday morning at company headquarters in "bethpage," n.y. it was not said when a final vote would be released. journalists became targets of both police and protesters in clashes that erupted friday during the summit of the world's industrialized nations. at least a half-dozen were injured. indonesian coordinating minister for economic affairs rizal ramli welcomed here wednesday the release of the country's central bank governor syahril sabirin from his house arrest "status," hoping that no changes would be made in term of monetary policies.                     
966 the chinese authorities have ordered an immediate halt in medium and long-term forward transactions in commodities in a move to bring order to its futures "market," a newspaper reported thursday. the german city of dresden will be struck off the u.n. list of world heritage sites unless officials change their plans for a bridge across the elbe "river," the list's guardians said monday. the us woman at the center of a major scandal here after she and several fellow missionaries tried to spirit dozens of haitian children into the dominican republic is to be tried in "haiti," her attorney told afp on monday. the april employment report is an instructive example of how confusing these numbers can become when the economy is recovering from recession. the bomber who carried out last week's deadly attack in a busy cairo bazaar was an 18-year-old "islamist," the interior ministry said monday. in an interview with the des moines "register," clinton singled out iowa and mississippi as two states that have never elected top officials who are women. she called iowa a """special" "burden""" for her campaign and said it was her """hardest""" state. calling computer security one of the nation's top "problems," attorney general john ashcroft said friday that the government is forming nine special units to prosecute hacking and copyright violations. the australian dollar defied a stronger u.s. dollar to gain ground "wednesday," with the help of a rising new zealand currency.               
967 argentine minister of economy and public works domingo cavallo called on japan thursday to extend a loan to help his country control monetary "unrest," japanese officials said. a suicide car bomber struck a checkpoint near the governor's offices in the predominantly shiite southern city of hillah on "monday," killing at least eight people and wounding 31 manuel noriega's extradition to france caps an amazing fall from grace for the former cia informant who spent 20 years languishing in us prisons after being ousted as panama's strong man ruler. freshest horse in the race will be surging in the stretch under eddie d. 2 medaglia d'oro -- second-place finish in wood was just a prep for frankel-trained colt 3 harlan's holiday -- favorite might not "win," but it's hard to see him finishing up the track. #name? shot bayern munich captain oliver kahn claims english opposition always struggle against the 18-time german champions and is confident the club can overturn a 2-apr first leg deficit when they face chelsea in the champions league quarter-final at the olympic stadium on tuesday. it was perhaps the most awaited moment of the confirmation hearings when democratic whip dick durbin of illinois asked mukasey directly about "water-boarding," a now-infamous process in which an individual is strapped to a "board," a towel pulled tightly across his "face," and water is poured on him to the chicago cubs acquired outfielder michael tucker from the cincinnati reds on friday in exchange for minor leaguer pitchers chris booker and ben shaffar. li "ruihuan," a
968 the philippines said thursday it would put up markers on islands claimed by manila in the disputed spratly archipelago to replace chinese-built structures it had demolished. the abductors of an italian priest have offered to negotiate for his "freedom," according to an intermediary in the southern "philippines," an official said monday. the indian premier league has a long and profitable future ahead of it but the suspension of tournament chief lalit modi must lead to "reform," experts say. on the last day of france's tense presidential "campaign," polls continued to predict a landslide for the center-right "president," jacques chirac. but it may be a hollow "victory," won simply because most of the electorate objected to the extremist views of his "opponent," jean-marie le "pen," whose share of us stocks opened slightly up on "monday," following a new fall in crude oil "prices," with the dow jones industrial average up 19.44 points (0.19 percent) at "10,480.79" and the nasdaq rising 6.86 points (0.34 percent) to "2,006.21" at 1335 gmt. one might even call such a streak "miraculous," a description much of the team would happily accept. the rockies have become known as the closest thing major league baseball has to a faith-based club. the front office runs the franchise based on what it describes as christian "principles," and some newspaper readers saw shadows of dinosaurs flying over their stock tables and tv listings this week. it wasn't an "illusion," but an unusual marketing gamble by universal studios to promote its latest ``jurassic park'' movie. the inaugural
969 japan's industrial production in february expanded 1.9 percent from the previous month following a revised 1.5-percent decline in "january," the ministry of international trade and industry (miti) said thursday. lowry brott briefly closes his eyes as if he were listening to the first sounds of oil flowing 30 years ago from alaska's north slope into a pipeline that weaves 800 miles "(1,300" kilometers) through several mountain ranges and hundreds of rivers and streams to valdez. hong kong shares were 1.42 percent lower in early trading on "tuesday," with the benchmark hang seng index down 306.54 points at "21,280.52." los angeles - los angeles county officials raised a potential legal obstacle friday to land deals that could clear the way for a national football league team to find a home in los angeles at a new stadium near downtown. spain's juan carlos "ferrero," whose career has taken a dive after a year of illness and "injury," got his campaign for a third monte carlo masters title off to a flying start on monday with a "6-4," 1-jun win over ivo karlovic of croatia. a new measure being drafted by government officials would hold private contractors accountable to iraqi courts for their actions in the country. al-maliki spokesman ali dabbagh said wednesday that the cabinet would send the proposal to parliament next week. second-quarter earnings at both the washington post co. and pulitzer inc. fell more than 60 percent as both media companies were hurt by the ongoing advertising slump. "singapore," december 6 (xinhua) - the singapore
970 the interior ministry on thursday accused the moslem brotherhood of financing overseas training for islamic militants to carry out attacks in "egypt," arresting five leaders of the organization. hyundai motor co.'s unionized workers have scaled back their participation in a planned strike this week against south korea's free trade agreement with the united "states," a union official said monday. the us federal reserve is expected to keep ultra-low borrowing rates when it meets tuesday and "wednesday," with the need to bolster the economic recovery again trumping inflation concerns. harlan's holiday dominated the east. came home conquered the west. "now," america's two most accomplished 3-year-old colts have traveled to the capital of the thoroughbred racing nation to try to earn the admiration their winning ways have so far failed to bring them. the government of congo has said it foiled a coup plot planned by a group of army officers who were arrested early this year over an arms theft at a gendarmerie police camp in brazzaville. three house democrats are urging colleagues to revoke key parts of new personnel rules that would curb union rights at the defense "department," contending the rules are a """bad" "deal""" for defense civil service employees. one protester was killed and nearly 100 police and demonstrators injured in running battles that raged in the cobbled alleyways and broad piazzas of this ancient port city friday. the composite index on the shanghai stock exchange closed at "2,075.62" points "wednesday," down 16.04 points from the last "close," according to guangfa securities "co.,"
971 south african deputy president thabo mbeki on thursday rejected international mediation on constitutional "issues," as demanded by the inkatha freedom party "(ifp)," setting the stage for a showdown with the zulu nationalist party. a wind-driven wildfire destroyed at least 165 homes and other structures and scorched 750 acres (304 hectares) just southwest of lake "tahoe," a spokesman for the el dorado county sheriff's department said sunday. us president barack obama laid a key plank of his strategy to mend ties with the islamic world on "monday," hosting a summit to boost economic development in muslim nations. although carl everett's batting average has consistently hovered near 0.15 for most of the "season," rangers manager jerry narron stands by his right fielder in the assumption he will heat up sooner than later. kevin pietersen is preparing to force his way into england's ashes squad with a little help from shane "warne," the great spin bowler who will line up for the australian opposition. richard "griffin," the assistant secretary of state for diplomatic "security," resigned wednesday after a scathing review of security in iraq that criticized the supervision of private contractors there and recommended changes in the way diplomats are protected. the justice department has hired consulting firm arthur anderson llp to conduct a management study at the fbi and recommend changes to improve the troubled "agency," attorney general john ashcroft said friday. the component stock index on the shenzhen stock exchange closed at "4,771.48" points "wednesday," down 49.11 points from last "close," according to guangfa securities "co.,"
972 the milan stock "market," like many other european "bourses," rose firmly on "thursday," partly due to a surprise half-point cut by the german bundesbank of its discount "rate," to four percent. defense-related stocks surged monday amid reports the government will push ahead with shareholding reforms that allow limited foreign investment in china's weapons makers. president barack obama heads into the american heartland "tuesday," to launch the democratic mid-term election campaign in states paying a heavy price for the worst economic crisis in decades. a former roman catholic priest who went to prison in kansas for molesting a teen-age boy is now a protestant minister in rapid "city," "s.d.," and is not registered as a sex offender "there," as required by law. iran said monday it plans to take legal action against the united states government for funding the islamic republic's opposition forces. "johannesburg," south africa-- south african aids researchers have begun warning hundreds of volunteers that a highly touted experimental vaccine they received in recent months might make them "more," not "less," likely to contract hiv in the midst of one of the world's most rampant epidemics. calling computer security one of the nation's top "problems," attorney general john ashcroft said friday that the government is forming nine special units to prosecute hacking and copyright violations. a group of chinese scientists taking part in china's 17th expedition to antarctica will leave for the polar region by air thursday.                 
973 the milan stock "market," like many other european "bourses," rose firmly on "thursday," partly due to a surprise half-point cut by the german bundesbank of its discount "rate," to four percent. prosecutors were due to call their first witness monday in the international war crimes case against former liberian president charles taylor on charges of arming sierra leone rebels and orchestrating a murderous terror campaign they waged during their country's 10-year civil war. philadelphia phillies first baseman ryan howard has inked a five-year multi- million dollar contract extension with the major league baseball team. allegations of sexual impropriety against the rev. dennis schmitz have been turned over to the kansas bureau of "investigation," authorities said friday. the latvian government is considering renting a ship to accommodate part of the large delegation due to accompany us president george w. bush on a visit to riga for a summit in "may," an official said monday. "ramos," who later turned to talent "management," died sunday of pulmonary failure at st. vincent's hospital in new york "city," said sandy "erickson," his partner in new york-based ramos management. "sales," 4 p.m. price and net change of the 15 most active new york stock exchange "issues," trading nationally at more than $1.00  "lanzhou," capital of northwest china's gansu province suffered from serious air pollution "wednesday," according to a daily air quality report released by the china environmental monitoring center.                      
974 republican senator arlen specter joined the 1996 white house race thursday vowing to prevent the religious right and abortion from thwarting his party's bid to oust president bill clinton. a wind-driven wildfire destroyed at least 165 homes and other structures and scorched 750 acres (304 hectares) just southwest of lake "tahoe," a spokesman for the el dorado county sheriff's department said. smart new public buses already roll past johannesburg's two world cup "stadiums," but anger is simmering within the often violent mini-bus "industry," which feels sidelined at the tournament. the owner of the historic power & light building downtown is planning a $93  million redevelopment of the "block," including a 14-story office "annex," a parking "garage," apartments and green space. celebrity chef jamie oliver has done more than expose horror stories over school "dinners," he's also prompted a quarter of british adults to change their eating "habits," a new study revealed on monday. for "months," house oversight committee chairman henry waxman has been "threatening," subpoenaing and just plain badgering secretary of state condoleezza rice to come before his panel to answer questions about the run-up to the iraq "war," corruption and state department contracting. the kremlin said friday that it is important to commemorate a medieval russian victory over tatar "forces," despite complaints from today's tatars that marking the anniversary is divisive and should be stopped. pakistan's chief executive general pervez musharraf wednesday said that doors for talks with india still open despite the rejection of pakistan offer for tripartite talks.    
975 a judge ruled thursday that president bill clinton's """don't" "ask," don't "tell""" policy on homosexuals serving in the military is unconstitutional and violates free speech rights. the abductors of an italian priest have offered to negotiate for his "freedom," according to a purported intermediary in the southern "philippines," an official said monday. the pro-independence scottish national party (snp) mounts a legal challenge tuesday against the bbc over its exclusion from the final british election tv debate. he hit 47 homers in 2000 and 41 last season. but third baseman troy glaus has only five this "season," which puts him on a pace for 29 india on monday began an eight-year project to build an aircraft carrier in its most ambitious military programme to "date," officials said. take the accounting "field," which is facing a severe shortage of job candidates. on working mother magazine's top-10 list of best employers for working "moms," we find ernst & "young," kpmg and pricewaterhousecoopers. one protester was killed and nearly 100 police and demonstrators injured in running battles that raged in the cobbled alleyways and broad piazzas of this ancient port city friday. zhu "muzhi," honorary president of china society for human rights "studies," said wednesday that the most important thing for the pursuit of human rights is to find a correct road that fits the situation of various countries.                              
976 up to "40,000" rwandan hutu refugees living in camps in burundi took to the road thursday seeking refuge in tanzania because of fears of ethnic "unrest," aid groups said. nearly a year after she was ridiculed for calling a bloody war in lebanon """the" birth pangs of a new middle "east,""" u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice is insisting democracy will still come to the mideast whatever the setbacks. the panamanian government monday said it respected the """sovereign""" us decision to extradite former strongman manuel noriega to france but insisted he still be brought back to panama to serve outstanding prison sentences. the philadelphia "76ers," believed to be the mentally toughest team in the "east," the club the bulk of the conference's coaches feared most heading into the "playoffs," are done. an outbreak of typhoid fever has killed at least five people and infected more than 150 others in western kenya since last "month," the region's top physician said monday. shareholders' unsurprising rejection of the dolan family's latest offer to take cablevision private nevertheless sent a shiver through wall street on "wednesday," as the stock lost $1.04  and analysts predicted naysayers might regret their decision. chaos broke out in a courtroom in the azerbaijani capital friday as nine disabled veterans were sent to prison for participating in a violent clash with the police. zambia's economic prospects are bright if the government maintains foreign investors' confidence by making a smooth transition to a post-privatization "period," a local news paper reported on wednesday.    
977 a suspect arrested by us forces has implicated haiti's interior minister in the assassination of mireille "durocher-bertin," an opponent of president jean-bertrand "aristide," an administration official said thursday. in a video released "monday," kidnapped british journalist alan johnston appears with what he says are explosives strapped to his body and warns that his captors intend to set them off if rescuers attempt to free him by force. thai troops opened fire on """red" "shirt""" protesters wednesday during a tense confrontation on a highway in bangkok's northern suburbs that left one soldier dead and 18 people injured. don't worry. our tom has not gone "hollywood," new "york," or even back bay. our tom is still the same young man who helped win a super bowl for the "patriots," and did it with style and grace under difficult conditions. european stock markets retreated "monday," with sentiment dampened in london by mining issues and in frankfurt by worries over the auto sector following a warning from ford. setting the stage for a bitter election-year battle over the direction of u.s. tax "policy," the house's chief tax writer thursday unveiled a broad proposal that includes repealing the alternative minimum tax as well as reducing taxes on an estimated 91 million mostly lower- and middle-income americans while raising office of the commissioner_suspended cleveland rhp bartolo colon for seven games and fined him an undisclosed amount for intentionally throwing at houston c scott servais in a game on july 17 britain's largest ferry company said thursday that a total of 43
978 a fragile truce in "angola," where government and unita rebel forces harbor deep mutual hostility and are reluctant to implement a peace "accord," has unnerved the united nations as it prepares to deploy "7,000" troops in the country in may. saudi arabia's king abdullah arrives monday for two days of talks with poland's leaders on intensifying economic ties and fighting organized crime. the us federal reserve on wednesday said the troubled us labor market """is" beginning to "improve,""" as it kept ultra-low interest rates on hold. scott schoeneweis will leave for his home in arizona today to be with his "wife," "gabrielle," who is scheduled to have labor induced monday. it will be the couple's first child "together," a boy named hudson. israeli prime minister ariel sharon on monday reaffirmed his support for a palestinian state with contiguous territory in the west bank after meeting here with us president george w. bush. the 265-142 tally fell short of the two-thirds needed to override a "veto," but it raised the stakes in the political confrontation over children's healthcare. four-time academy award winner katharine hepburn was responding well to antibiotics for a urinary tract infection and should be released this "weekend," hospital officials said friday. the eiffel tower will continue twinkling with its "20,000" white bulbs after doing so for one year since "midnight," december "31," "1999," said the city hall of paris thursday.                       
979 seven communist guerrillas were slain and another was wounded and captured in a clash with police near the northern philippine city of san "jose," a police official said friday. hamas militants on monday said they had a recorded message from captured israeli soldier gilad shalit and planned to post the statement on their web site. a rights group on wednesday called on zimbabwe to abandon plans to sell """blood" "diamonds""" from a field plagued by "abuses," after a court gave the green light for the sale to go ahead. david robinson shot free throws and stretched as his san antonio spurs teammates finished a light practice saturday afternoon at crossroads "school," but that's the most action robinson will see this "weekend," and probably beyond. three suicide car bombers blew themselves up outside a us military base in a volatile area of iraq near the syrian border on "monday," as a us contractor was feared to have been kidnapped near baghdad. it could "happen," according to a top executive of toyota motor "corp.," which makes the four-door "hatchback," the world's best selling gasoline-electric hybrid. chris holt won for the first time in a month as the detroit tigers defeated the cleveland indians 3-jul friday night. heavy rains have since wednesday caused severe problems to the southern greek island of crete and the western peloponnesos peninsula.                               
980 japan's housing starts in february rose 1.8 percent from a year earlier to "114,351" "units," reversing a 5.6 percent decline in "january," the construction ministry said friday. thousands of mourners crammed into the courtyard of a mosque in the turkish capital and surrounding streets for the funeral of a soldier killed by a roadside "bomb," jeering at cabinet ministers and accusing the government of being soft on kurdish rebels. emergency teams launched a """controlled" "burn""" operation on wednesday to stop a giant oil slick in the gulf of mexico from washing up on louisiana's ecologically fragile coast. everybody knew that war emblem was one of the fast horses in saturday's 128th running of the kentucky derby at churchill downs; what no one knew was that he was the only fast horse in a field of 18 israeli prime minister ariel sharon on monday reaffirmed his support for a palestinian state with contiguous territory in the west bank after meeting here with us president george w. bush. while his attorneys began the process of petitioning the supreme court to review the case on the claim the jury process was "flawed," they said their immediate concern was to keep the 73-year-old free on bail. cliff "floyd," mike lowell and derrek lee homered in the first inning to lead the florida marlins to a 3-may victory over the cincinnati reds on friday night. a plan to ensure long-term protection for brazil's threatened "pantanal," the world's largest wetlands "complex," will be financed with a loan of 82.5 million u.s.
981 china mapped out friday emergency plans for a major "earthquake," including preparatory measures to avert the problems that caused harsh criticism of the japanese government after the recent kobe disaster. captured israeli soldier gilad shalit says in audio message on hamas web site that his health is deteriorating and that he requires hospitalization. iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad applied wednesday for a us visa to head his country's delegation to the nuclear non-proliferation review conference at the united nations next "week," both sides said. jason keller said it was difficult to suppress his emotions when he won the nascar busch series race last may at new hampshire international speedway. the widow of the murdered ukrainian opposition journalist giorgy gongadze arrived monday in ukraine to attend an inquiry into her former husband's death in "2000," local media reported. american home mortgage investment corp. has sued lehman brothers "inc.," claiming the investment bank manipulated its lending relationship with the mortgage company to illegally seize $84.10  million in securities as the lender teetered on the brink of bankruptcy. greg biffle turned a lap at 132.357 mph friday night to take the pole for saturday night's carquest auto parts 250 at gateway international raceway. european union peace envoy miguel moratinos said here thursday the eu is seeking to stop the bloody clashes between israel and the palestinians in a bid to rebuild the lost confidence between the two sides and resume the stalled peace talks.               
982 north korea is raising opium on a massive scale to earn hard currency but many villagers end up hooked on the drug after using it in place of scarce "medicine," a defector from the north claimed here friday. swiss pharmaceutical company roche ag said monday it agreed with japan's toyama chemical co. on a licensing agreement for the worldwide "research," development and commercialization of a rheumatoid arthritis treatment. lookin at lucky has drawn the number one post and has been installed as the 1-mar favourite for saturday's 136th running of the kentucky derby. "really," this is what samaki walker has been waiting for since last "july," when the san antonio spurs dismissed him and the lakers gave him a new home and contract and a promise "that," one "day," he would laugh last. the vatican on monday showed details of the austere and secretive world which cardinals will inhabit once they file into a conclave to elect a successor to john paul ii next monday. robert chambers pleaded not guilty to drug charges thursday and was ordered held without bail until a hearing next week. reputed mob boss joseph ``skinny joey'' merlino was cleared by a jury friday on three murder charges but found guilty on 20 counts of "extortion," illegal bookmaking and receiving stolen property. israeli government has decided not to allow west bank palestinians to perform prayers friday at a disputed holy site inside the old city of east jerusalem """due" to security "concerns."""         
983 an unnamed """intermediary""" linked to a group involved in international financial scams was behind a 1.1 billion us dollar fraud attempt using cook islands financial "instruments," a central reserve bank report released here friday said. captured israeli soldier gilad shalit says in audio message on hamas web site that he is disappointed over """lack" of "interest""" of israeli government in his fate. the us federal reserve on wednesday kept its main interest rate at a near zero "level," saying it expects to hold it there for an """extended" "period.""" the retired brigadier general and former enron "executive," already the target of investigations by the fbi and the pentagon inspector "general," is now entangled in a public dispute with his "boss," defense secretary donald h. "rumsfeld," over an $11  billion artillery system that rumsfeld wants to kill. us victims of paedophile priests carried their protest to the vatican on monday as a controversial cardinal led a special mass for john paul "ii," bringing centre stage one of the key problems facing the catholic church as it searches for a new pontiff. in approving far-reaching new unilateral sanctions against "iran," president bush signaled thursday that he intends to pursue a strategy of gradually escalating "financial," diplomatic and political pressure on "tehran," aimed not at starting a new war in the middle "east," his advisers "said," but at preventing one. club-wielding riot police and violent protesters clashed friday with deadly consequences as leaders of the world's seven wealthiest nations vowed to fight aids and global economic woes. safe
984 the south korean "president," in a visit to the southern city of pusan on "friday," reiterated that seoul will not contribute """a" single "penny""" towards north korea's new reactors if it is denied a central role in the project. lamine diack looks set for another term as president of athletics' world governing body when the iaaf elects new leadership at its august meeting in japan. fears the united states may be facing one of the worst oil slick disasters in its history threatened to whip up a new political squall "wednesday," at a critical moment for a democratic climate bill. just as nearly everyone "expected," a horse that hardly anybody talked "about," war "emblem," ran away saturday with what was virtually a mail-order kentucky derby. three "wickets," two to nicky "boje," in the last 15 minutes before tea left west indies 86 for four at the break and shifted the balance of power south africa's way on the fourth day of the second cricket test on monday. with flames encircling the remote border crossing east of san "diego," u.s. customs inspectors wasted no time evacuating. they closed the gate blocking the lanes into "california," wrapped a chain around "it," and snapped on the lock. eric chavez homered twice and drove in six "runs," and oakland hit four consecutive doubles in a five-run seventh inning en route to a 14-3 romp over kansas city on friday night. the 35th hong kong products expo will be held in hong kong from december "16," 2000 to january "8,"
985 a general strike called by moslem separatists to commemorate the killing of a guerrilla leader five years ago paralysed the kashmir valley on "friday," police and residents said. pharmaceutical companies and alzheimer's advocates went to britain's high court on monday in a bid to force the state-run health service to give all patients access to three drugs to treat the brain-destroying disease. andrea agnelli is to become the new president of "juventus," replacing frenchman jean-claude "blanc," his cousin john elkann said in an interview to be published on thursday. kazuhisa ishii has his quirks -- like often pitching out of the stretch with no runners on base. he makes his share of "mistakes," and even admits he could be a little lucky. three suicide car bombers blew themselves up outside a us military base in a volatile area of iraq near the syrian border on "monday," as a us contractor was kidnapped in the baghdad area. cols 1-6: stubborn fires continue to rage through wilderness areas of san diego and orange "counties," and the toll rises with the grim discovery of six more bodies of people caught in the "infernos," but the danger to homes and businesses "subsides," and many of those affected by southern some 180 nations launched a ``rescue operation'' for a treaty against global warming on "friday," redoubling efforts to salvage an accord they hope the united states will join. hong kong stocks ended slightly down "thursday," but investors focused on property stocks following the government's last land auction of the "year,"
986 a romanian airliner crashed near bucharest friday during a "snowstorm," killing all 50 people "aboard," the news agency rompres reported. lebanon's government on monday called yesterday's car bombing of u.n. peacekeepers near the israeli border """a" challenge to the international "community""" and appealed for outside help to prevent the country and the region from spiraling out of control. rating agencies should not be """believed" too "much,""" international monetary fund chief dominique strauss-kahn said on wednesday after "greece," portugal and spain had their credit ratings cut. looking forward to tearing and hearing the strains of sir edward elgar's ``pomp and circumstance'' this month? after every commencement "weekend," my mailbox groans under the weight of graduation questions. seems that during the roll call readers ponder graduation mores _ from the tasseled mortarboard to the regalia of a sergeant who deserted from the serbia-montenegro army says top bosnian serb fugitive ratko mladic was hiding at an army barracks in belgrade in "2004," the daily newspaper danas reported here on monday. the bush administration's new package of sanctions against iran widens the gap between the united states and its european allies over how to confront tehran. misdemeanor charges were dropped friday against the lead lawyer for former sla fugitive sara jane olson after attorneys for both sides agreed that the case would be burdensome to the court. china will cut the price for textbooks for primary and secondary schools next year to lighten the burden on students' "parents," especially those in rural areas.      
987 the dollar fell to a record low point of 87.25 yen here early on friday as investors turned sour about confusion over interest rate policy in "germany," japan and the united states. a german court on monday convicted an iraqi man of supporting ansar "al-islam," a radical islamic group linked to "al-qaida," and sentenced him to more than three years in prison. a domestic continental airlines flight enroute to the us capital was diverted to north carolina wednesday after a threatening message was discovered scrawled on the bathroom "mirror," us officials said. mexican photographer manuel alvarez bravo once said that if he could only photograph a thousand "hounds," he would die a happy man. the tribunal into former england cricketer chris schofield's claim that he was wrongly dismissed by lancashire began here on monday. james d. watson has decided to retire as chancellor of cold spring harbor "laboratory," a spokesman for the lab said thursday. the future of a u.s. insurance company in china is now virtually the only stumbling block to beijing's joining the world trade "organization," negotiators said friday. the philippine peso fell further against the u.s. dollar thursday as the trial against president joseph estrada continues at the senate.                                                     
988 the only force capable of keeping the turkish kurdish separatist pkk from launching cross-border attacks are the villagers living along the "border," iraqi kurdish leader massud barzani said. u.n. officials threatened to strike dresden from a list of outstanding world cultural sites if current plans for a bridge over the elbe river go "forward," but praised the u.s. for rehabilitating the endangered florida everglades. reigning champion rafael nadal was at his dominant best as he thumped german philipp kohlshreiber "6-1," 3-jun on wednesday to reach the third round of the atp rome masters 1000 last "fall," in the wake of the terrorist "horror," i wondered how we would survive an oil embargo or terrorist attacks on pipelines and "tankers," and i found the answer at the university of florida. the mother of a boy who settled sex abuse allegations against michael jackson for 20 million dollars 11 years ago told jurors monday her son shared a bed with the star for weeks at a time. international: iraq-funding -- "tikrit," iraq -- iraqi insurgents and sectarian militias are funding their deadly activities by muscling in on mafia-style rackets involving everything from real estate and oil to cement and soft "drinks," u.s. commanders say. "1,300" "words," by alexandra zavis (times). with "iraq," "blackwater-times," blackwater-post and blackwater-emails. officer adam hennie pulled over in his patrol car earlier this week to try to break up an argument between two black women shouting profanities at each other. he could feel the hostility toward him from others in the neighborhood. police
989 a military official from the iranian-backed hezbollah was killed when an israeli helicopter destroyed his car in a rocket attack in south lebanon on "friday," the organisation said. search and rescue teams combed the jungles of southern cambodia on monday "night," looking for a passenger plane with 27 people on board that crashed earlier that day while flying between two popular tourist "destinations," officials said. strikes erupted in greece wednesday as its crisis-hit economy drew another scathing debt "downgrade," bad news poured in from the tourism sector and the stock exchange tried to ward off speculators. when have you toured a museum exhibition without leaving home? you don't have to be anywhere near home to see ``blip . . . blah . . . "blog,''" the current attraction at the new media lounge at the palm beach institute of contemporary art. a total of 203 people have died in angola from the marburg "virus," the worst outbreak ever recorded of the ebola-like "bug," the angolan health ministry and the world health organisation said monday. a washington post article gave an incorrect admission price for the phillips collection's exhibition """impressionists" by the "sea.""" the price is $14  for general "admission," $12  for students and those 62 and "older," and free for those 18 and younger. an off-duty police officer at a detroit tigers game dropped his gun on the field of comerica park after losing his balance while trying to catch a foul ball. shenzhen city won the international garden city "competition," which closed in washington
990 a romanian airliner crashed near bucharest on friday during a "snowstorm," killing all 50 people "aboard," the romanian news agency rompres reported. pricewaterhousecoopers has withdrawn all its audit reports on the yukos oil producer amid a tax-evasion investigation into russia's biggest accounting firm -- a decision the bankrupt company's shareholders said monday was """spineless.""" an 18th-century violin of acclaimed concert musician patricia kopatchinskaja which was seized by swiss border guards after she failed to declare it has returned to "austria," customs officials said wednesday. nearly nine years after quitting her teaching job to raise her "children," gayle guernsey is heading back to the ranks of the employed. israel on monday honoured a german army officer who saved the lives of several hundred jews during world war ii by awarding him the title of """righteous" among the "nations""." an easily overlooked college-level offering for high school students is the dual enrollment course. basically college courses taken by high "schoolers," dual enrollment programs have been hard to analyze because they come in so many varieties and because so little research has been done on their effects. pitcher brian bohanon went 3-for-3 with a pair of doubles as the colorado rockies ended a five-game losing streak with an 3-nov victory over the los angeles dodgers on friday night. xiamen port in fujian "province," east "china," reported thursday it has handled one million containers so far this "year," and the volume made it the sixth largest container terminal of the country.        
991 prime minister edouard balladur said friday he was against us-style labour "deregulation," arguing that it could jeapordize the fight against unemployment which was his top priority. scoreboard at stumps monday on the first day of the first cricket test between sri lanka and bangladesh at sinhalese sports club ground: for the third time in as many "days," president barack obama's republican foes in the us senate thwarted democratic efforts to launch debate on sweeping legislation to rein in wall street. austin's retired bishop john mccarthy tells a story of visiting waco's sacred heart catholic church a few years ago and watching some of its parishioners hard at work making tamales. us regulators monday grilled warren "buffett," the legendary investor ranked the world's second-richest "man," as they deepened a high-profile probe into murky financial dealings at the giant insurer aig. i was introduced to maserati at a particularly bad time in the company's often troubled history. it was "1989," the year maserati joined chrysler to launch the chrysler tc by maserati. the los angeles galaxy traded midfielder danny pena to the tampa bay mutiny for a conditional draft choice on friday. chinese legal experts proposed to amend the country's criminal code to include """sexual" "service""" to party and government officials as a crime of "bribery," the beijing-based china youth daily reported thursday.                                  
992 a 15-month scandal that has shocked thais "and," many "fear," damaged the buddhist religion here ended friday with the defrocking of a controversial monk accused of fathering a child and visiting brothels. human rights group amnesty international said monday that turkish authorities had frozen the bank accounts of its branch in the country in a move it said amounts to a violation of rights to free expression and association. saudi arabia's top islamic rule-makers reiterated on wednesday that muslims should pray in congregation in "mosques," rebuffing an an outspoken religious police official who nearly lost his job for saying that praying alone is fine. for more than a "decade," sen. pete "domenici," "r-n.m.," has urged congress to pass mental-health parity legislation. last "week," president bush conferred an influential endorsement that should convert the idea into law. mobile phones do not increase the risk of cancerous tumors of the "brain," according to a new study by the danish cancer "society," published monday. on oct. "31," "1941," work on mount rushmore was completed after 14 years. sculpter gutzon borglum and about 400 people worked on the project to carve the 60-foot granite heads of former presidents george "washington," thomas "jefferson," theodore roosevelt and abraham lincoln into the side of a south dakota the people's consultative assembly started an impeachment hearing on "saturday," less than an hour after president abdurrahman wahid accused lawmakers of treason and announced he would boycott proceedings against him. the republic of singapore navy (rsn) and the royal swedish navy (rswn) started an annual
993 the dollar slumped to a record low value of 87.25 yen early on friday because an overnight cut in the japanese short-term interest rate was not enough to reverse the dollar's "downtrend," dealers said a guard foiled militants in an apparent attempt to kidnap the foreign principal of a school in northwestern pakistan on "monday," police said. brazilian authorities wednesday charged a 74-year-old catholic priest with pedophilia after eight children in his church choir accused him of sexual abuse. a winterville police detective suspected of planting pipe bombs beside a highway in march underwent psychological examinations for his last three law enforcement jobs. the three palestinian youths killed by israeli army gunfire in the southern gaza strip last week were trying to steal surveillance "cameras," palestinian security sources said monday. complaints: mine was a relatively short drive in which only a minor thing struck me as being out of sorts with the car: the electronic lever operating the side mirrors seemed rather difficult to budge. the nl central-leading chicago cubs acquired outfielder michael tucker from the cincinnati reds on friday for minor league right-handers chris booker and ben shaffar. south korea and the united states thursday failed to issued a joint statement to conclude their year- long separate probes into the nogun-ri massacre during the korean war.                                      
994 a romanian airliner crashed near bucharest on friday during a snowstorm after an explosion occurred on "board," killing all 59 people on "board," the romanian news agency rompres reported. oil prices fell nearly us$1 a barrel monday after labor unions halted a strike in "nigeria," where the work stoppage had shut down most major economic activity in africa's biggest oil producer. spain appealed wednesday for market calm after ratings agency standard & poor's cut the country's credit "rating," with the deputy prime minister saying the government was cutting the public deficit. disputing the position held by the major record "companies," a report issued on friday found that people who use file-sharing networks to obtain music at no charge over the internet are more likely to have increased their spending on music than are average online music fans. leica "camera," the prestigious german camera maker in which french luxury goods maker hermes holds a major "stake," announced monday a higher than expected annual loss of 12.8 million euros (16.6 million dollars). i could write this week about the washington "wizards," the washington capitals or d.c. united. but my favorite "team," the boston red "sox," is in the world series. so that's all i'm thinking about. specifically: police on friday released a list of web sites that chandra levy visited on may "1," the day the former federal intern disappeared. about 8 million ghanaians are to vote for a new president in a historic election on thursday after 19 years of the military-turned-civilian rule by outgoing president
995 shares here fell early on friday as dealers took profits after sharp gains the previous day on the bundesbank's decision to cut interest "rates," dealers said. a bus crashed on an interstate highway in kentucky early "mnoday," killing one person and injuring 66 "others," a hospital official said. britain on wednesday ordered the extradition of former bank chief rafik khalifa to "algeria," where he has been sentenced to life in prison over a massive embezzlement "scandal," the home office said. the $114  million box-office gross for the director sam raimi's adaptation of "``spider-man,''" the comic-book classic about a teen-ager turned web-slinging "superhero," smashed every record for opening-weekend ticket sales. the organization of american states failed after five votes on monday to find a new secretary general with the main international forum for the western hemisphere divided between mexican and chilean candidates. as the wildfires that ravaged southern california for five days lost momentum this "week," representatives of the insurance industry said the estimated $1  billion in fire damage would have little if any impact on homeowners' rates in california or the rest of the nation. robert person walked to the "dugout," heard the crowd cheering and couldn't figure out who was getting the standing ovation. a geneva-based swiss company has launched an internet website to alert dealers and collectors more swiftly to stolen works of "art," swiss radio international reported thursday.                        
996 forty-five thousand rwandan refugees were on the move in burundi on "friday," fleeing camps in the north of the central african country for tanzania after ethnic clashes between hutus and tutsis. search and rescue teams combed the jungles of southern cambodia on monday "night," looking for a passenger plane with 22 people on board that crashed earlier that day while flying between two popular tourist "destinations," officials said. madagascar strongman andry rajoelina said wednesday he was willing to let his rivals join his government but wants to keep his current prime minister until fresh elections can be held. the economic policy institute has promoted lawrence mishel to "president," from vice president. it said he would succeed jeff faux as chief executive in august. us stocks skidded lower monday with a profit warning from ford unnerving investors ahead of a heavy week of corporate earnings reports. in the "driveway," there was a strange man in a strange truck with a government logo pasted on its door. to richard wenger -- an old order "mennonite," wary of new cars and new people and governments alike -- this was the scariest kind of visitor. two astronauts pushed open the international space station's new front door early saturday and stepped out into the void to finish work on the spacewalking passageway. china's textile industry saw an overall recovery in the first ten months this "year," earning a profit of 22.8 billion yuan (about 2.8 billion u.s. "dollars)," an increase of 170 percent from the corresponding period last year. 
997 australian shares closed sharply higher on friday on massive turnover with the latest gdp data offering enough promise to offset disappointing profit results from the market's bell weather "stock," bhp. the indian cricket board is sending three pace bowlers to reinforce the national team after several key players were taken ill in "ireland," the organization's secretary said monday. spain appealed wednesday for market calm after ratings agency standard & poor's cut the country's credit "rating," with the deputy prime minister saying the government was cutting the public deficit. hyundai "motor," the south korean car "maker," forged an alliance on sunday with daimlerchrysler of germany and mitsubishi motors of japan to work on engines that all three companies can use in their cars. canada has set aside 90 million canadian dollars (73 million us dollars) to help support the peace effort and an international humanitarian aid drive for "sudan," international cooperation minister aileen carroll announced monday. vivian "aplin-brownlee," a former washington post editor who had raised an early alarm about what became the paper's most notorious "scandal," died oct. 20 of complications from leukemia at her home in washington. she was 61 one way to find out how washington works is to touch it _ or virtually do so _ and this capital has a variety of ``petting "zoos,''" both actual and still in the "works," to promote people's knowledge. two chinese giant "pandas," """mei" "xiang""" and """tian" "tian,""" will get married in the united "states," revealed dennis "connor," an senior official with the smithsonian's national
998 the president of the long-term credit bank of japan ltd. "(ltcb)," tetsuya "horie," said on friday he would resign on april "28," becoming the first high-ranking official to fall victim to the collapse of two tokyo credit unions. the father of a missing pregnant woman tearfully thanked searchers after her body was found in a national "park," a week after her 2-year-old son was found alone and told police: """mommy" was crying. mommy broke the table. mommy's in "rug.""" italy's finmeccanica on wednesday opened a helicopter assembly and maintenance factory in libya in a joint venture with tripoli at a cost of almost 18 million euros (24 million dollars). paul a. "volcker," the former federal reserve chairman who heads a special oversight board charged with overhauling arthur "andersen," is preparing to shift his efforts toward reforming the accounting profession by advising regulators and lawmakers. jorge "piedra," an outfielder who spent one day with the colorado rockies last "week," has been suspended for 10 days for violating baseball's new anti-doping policy. there has been a lot of misunderstanding as to why iranian pro- democracy forces oppose the $75  million the u.s. government provides to aid civil society in their country "(iran-comment," "rubin," moved oct. 19). allow "me," as someone who spent six years in tehran's evin prison on a bogus a task force created by president bush and a panel from the clinton era will work together on the new administration's aids agenda. the theme of the 2001 eighth asia pacific economic cooperation (apec) finance ministers
999 the shanghai-based china foreign exchange trading centre is planning to experiment with forward transactions but no date has been set "yet," an official said on friday. france pressed monday for international financing of a "new," enlarged peacekeeping force for "darfur," and decried the world's lack of action on the crisis there. """silence" is "killing,""" said president nicolas sarkozy. veteran australian fast bowler brett lee has been ruled out of the world twenty20 in the west indies after straining an arm muscle during a warm-up "match," officials said wednesday. even as the last of the big internet-only "grocers," "webvan," was closing last "spring," traditional grocery chains were snooping around the web. the conventional grocers were convinced that they had spotted shards of a rational business in what "was," for their internet "counterparts," a spectacular failure. syria is holding more than "2,000" political prisoners but the number of arbitrary arrests fell in "2004," an independent human rights group said in its latest annual report. created by the kremlin just last year and anticipating a bright "future," the political party fair russia was designed to be the junior partner in a """two-party" "system""" in which everyone pledges fealty to president vladimir putin. but with dec. 2 parliamentary elections "imminent," the kremlin's creation is suddenly saddened by the first death in the wave of massive anti-globalization "protests," leaders of the world's leading industrial countries were facing the prospect saturday that a bitter wrangle over global warming could further spoil their protest-marred summit. china will hold the third agro- foodtech